Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: we start
Tim Sackton: at Pava and Avers's house on the morning of January.
Tim Sackton: on the edge of the garment desert. It's a cozy place, small, comfortable.
Tim Sackton: simple building of sandstone and a shaded courtyard.
Tim Sackton: and from here. in what used to be the center of the country, you can see the threads of the story of Dunbar that stretch in all directions
Tim Sackton: to the east. The great rivers, the Carja, on which the ruined city of Carson sits now a dry, intermittent river that flows only fitfully during the monsoon monsoon.
Tim Sackton: and further east the Maha called
Tim Sackton:  oops. What do you need? A zoom link? I got it
Tim Sackton: further east. the Maha, called the Drugar, by the Orcs. the Eistana, by the Alves, and many other names, the famous river of Green Corr.
Tim Sackton: the lifeblood of the life.
Tim Sackton: now the center of the desolation of Shamat.
Tim Sackton: These are the rivers that are the at the center of the story of Jibali and Bishwa. The story of Jibali's tears that created the Karta River and healed the land from the curse after the fall of drank, or
Tim Sackton: at the cost of Javali's life and the prayers of Bishmo, whence the mortal leader of Denmark that brought her back
Tim Sackton: from here. If you travel south, the vast stretch of the garment desert. Continues for
Tim Sackton: uncharted miles. and beyond the cursed land of
Tim Sackton: the ruined city of Drinkor itself a constant threat on Dunmar's borders. This is the land of Agir's, misty of perpetual vigilance, vigilance.
Tim Sackton: the land where many times in the past that Mari leaders
Tim Sackton: a rode to fight and lost and died
Mike Sackton: west of. Here are the fertile lands of the plains of Sagara.
Tim Sackton: the land of Chigya, who watches over the famous Anmari horses, and celebrates the joys of life
Tim Sackton: protected now
Tim Sackton: from the evils of the blasted plane, the evils of Shamat's desolation
Tim Sackton: by Shakun's mystical web of power. an invisible wall that confuses and disorientates those with evil intentions.
Tim Sackton: North of here the 7 mills rise high above the plains, and separate Denmark from the lands beyond the lands that were kept safe during the Great War. When the Dunbar cavalry held off the undead hordes of Drankor. Despite
Tim Sackton: the price and lives they paid
Tim Sackton: a price the Dunmari had paid, and those the Dunmari army had saved often now forget.
Tim Sackton: and well went through the story of the land, and the people of Denmark is the story of the gods.
Tim Sackton: Jivali, who created Dunbar with their peers.
Tim Sackton: and keeps Dunbar alive with the rains each year locker, who watches over the history of the Dunmari the traditions and rhythms of the seasons, Sankar, who weighs the deeds of souls who reach the afterlife, Agir, the warrior who guards the people of Denmark in battle.
Tim Sackton: and Chidya, the laughing one, the mother of horses and the protector of travelers, lovers, and
Tim Sackton: the gods have always
Tim Sackton: played a role in Dunmari history, and the thread of their influence weaves through the events of this land, but even the gods cannot perfectly shape the mortal world
Tim Sackton: as the discordant echoes of the present moment attest
Tim Sackton: in the west 2 armies sit facing each other across the copper hills, not at war, but not quite at peace either.
Tim Sackton: unwilling to fight, and unwilling to surrender.
Tim Sackton: 2 siblings, 9 Carnot and 9, Sarah
Tim Sackton: staring down. uncertain. angry.
Tim Sackton: perhaps racked by doubt or uncertainty.
Tim Sackton: both neatly acting their roles and ages, play as she dreams and laughs in a prison of wood and amber glow.
Eric Rosenbaum: And as we begin
Tim Sackton: you find yourself on Vindrasharna with quite a full crew.
Tim Sackton: Amal, a fit young man, not yet 20, wearing plain white robes, carrying little in the way of possession, smiling and upbeat, and in awe
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: strangeness of these this experience, talking to Orcs on a giant flying ship of rock. Kefra, a dwarven woman in her forties, only a decade into adulthood, with braided hair and bright eyes wearing chainmail in a dusty crowd, traveling cloak and sitting near Wriz wind absorbing her every word.
Tim Sackton: The Orc women news car and I go
Tim Sackton: one news car
Tim Sackton: bookish, the other Ronnie.
Tim Sackton: Both traveling from
Tim Sackton: who's Gukar with you? And finally, of course.
Tim Sackton: Aldrich, the old dwarf.
Tim Sackton: over 200 now, with a graying beard, but sharp eyes, wearing garish clothes, decorated with a multitude of trinkets.
Tim Sackton: limping on his silver cane, and constantly tending to his flying stone bird, occasionally belches out an ineffectual burst of flame as he encourages it.
Tim Sackton: You can make it bigger, I'm sure. Just keep practicing.
Tim Sackton: and lingers near the control room with longing in his eyes
Tim Sackton: for that.
Tim Sackton: Where are you heading
Mike Sackton: Copper Hills right
Mike Sackton: by ship or teleport ship? It's only a couple of days right.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we teleport
Mike Sackton: we'll need to leave Fuldrick and turn to the ship. I'm realizing we're not ready for that. Is he ready for that? Are we ready for that? Are you ready for that seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: knowing any authority tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're taking the shift whilst, don't we?
Mike Sackton: I mean, teleport always has a is not guaranteed, especially when we've never been there right
Tim Sackton: you could teleport, travel through the company teleport to the road. I just don't think there's any. I think we should show up in the ship when
Eric Rosenbaum: yep, yep.
Tim Sackton: So you head west.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello!
Tim Sackton: Traveling in a direct path
Tim Sackton: across the edge of the desert, flying over
Tim Sackton: the ruins of Agata's lair.
Tim Sackton: passing just south of the of the Red Mesa.
Tim Sackton: seeing it off in the distance.
Tim Sackton: Passing
Tim Sackton: southwest of Kerala as day turns to night and you continue traveling through the night.  The next morning.
Tim Sackton: as the sun rises, you find yourself approaching the Southern Hara River valley.
Tim Sackton: a dry expanse.
Tim Sackton: The river now beginning as
Tim Sackton:  As we move from
Tim Sackton: January into February, the monsoons long pass, the river still flowing, but beginning to become sluggish.
Tim Sackton: Crossing the
Tim Sackton: the Hara around dusk and continuing
Tim Sackton: through the night. West, northwest, roughly.
Tim Sackton: arriving.
You're
Tim Sackton: in the pre-on light. You can see
there
Tim Sackton: below you. In the distance.
Tim Sackton: The camp of Sarah's army. Spread out along the
Tim Sackton: road the Tokra Darba road, through the Copper Hills, not far, actually from the place where you fought and killed
Tim Sackton: 2 wivers 7 months ago. Now
Tim Sackton: and then first encounter Cadmos and his crew
Eric Rosenbaum: still have one.
Tim Sackton: That's right. You still have a liver in your mirror
Eric Rosenbaum: case. We need it. We still have the poison troll, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so is, wait. Where is is there another camp that we can see from here? Or is it only Service camp? Are they facing off against each other, or they far apart there they seem to be about a day's travel apart like 30 miles. I mean, you can see them both from the ship.
Tim Sackton: Karnas is is camped more so if you recall from your journey from Toker to Darba.
Tim Sackton: Sort of pass through this barren stretch, and then come to this
Tim Sackton: like the the first inn on the Darb side.
Tim Sackton: and that's where where Karnas's army has
Tim Sackton: established their fortifications about about 30 miles south of Sarah's army. What would be the
Mike Sackton: I mean is the issue here that
Mike Sackton: if Sarah wants to march on Nayahar. She has to
Mike Sackton: come this way
Mike Sackton: because going through the Vonty Mountains would be too fraught.
Mike Sackton: or do we not know why?
Mike Sackton: Why are they at the on this yeah position?
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: likely. I mean, theoretically, one could march through the Ivan Mountains. But of course you don't. You know. if the dwarves decide they don't want you to. That could be problematic. There's also, I mean, while there are passes there not.
Tim Sackton: It would be difficult to march an army like a substantial army of cavalry
Tim Sackton: through the mountain past, and it's like it's not straightforward.
Mike Sackton: How far remind me how far South Denmark is settled like, is it settled all the way down to the
Mike Sackton: chaudi?
Tim Sackton: What's going on here?
Mike Sackton: is real 20 acting weird. Yeah. 20 is like
Tim Sackton: going nuts like 19 different measures. Okay, there is. No, it is not settled anywhere that far sound. Okay.
Tim Sackton: there is not that much settlement too far south about
Tim Sackton: south of the shrub. It's pretty much jungle, I mean, theoretically, at 1 point this was like a Let's go settle the air. But
Tim Sackton: then there was all these like, you know.
Tim Sackton: zombie attacks from the jungles and things, and the shrub is the frontier, but it's very much an unsafe frontier.
Mike Sackton: So really pretty much the southern.
Tim Sackton: The most densely settled part of of Denmark is the is the flat
Tim Sackton: floodplains between Darba and Nihar.
Tim Sackton: There is some settlement for maybe 50 miles or a hundred miles south of the Nayan River.
Mike Sackton: And this is all new.
Mike Sackton: Everything south of the Avanti Mountains rose.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: okay. Let's I think we go to.
Mike Sackton: I guess. Let's let's walkie-talkie. Sarah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're visible in the sky. You can see that there's like, you know, horns blowing. People are beginning to muster.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's definitely a fair bit of activity.
Mike Sackton: maybe you should have called ahead. We need like a a banner. We need like a a big banner that we can fly. So people know it's us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well pretty soon, I mean, you know, this is the first time seeing us now in Tolin, you know, like we're cool, you know. I mean, we're we're gonna our record, our reputation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have to distinguish between other flying castles? I mean, also like growing like, you know, Elvis Tree in the middle. I'll stop this kind of thing. I'm happy to sending stone with Pastora. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what do you say, Bee? Beep up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bring
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: setting sound is just like a walkie talkie, right? Just like straight up talking. It's just a walkie-talkie. Yeah, you have no idea if somebody's listening on the other end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I just say I speak into it. I say,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sir, this is Kenzo, along with our our companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Bee seeker the Elf and Riswin. we are at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nearby in a recently acquired flying castle, so I hope you're not alarmed in seeing us. But  We hope you are well, and we hope we had the opportunity to speak with you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and message.
A minute later you get a
Tim Sackton: a reply
Tim Sackton: that. thank the gods, that ship is yours
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indeed it is.
Tim Sackton: Have you come to lend your support?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come to to speak with you, and to learn more of what is happening and unfolding on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Be happy to
Mike Sackton: offer to. I want to come up and visit with us.
Mike Sackton: We'll send it. We'll send the bridge. We can make the bridge as many times we want, if it's within a short distance once per day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, for 24 h if it's within
Tim Sackton: a short distance. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: what is the short distance.
Tim Sackton: like what you can see from the ship like? Roughly okay. So we could send the bridge
Mike Sackton: the Carnasis camp, we should. We should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on 1 one thing at a time one day. Let's get started.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Sarah. We'd be delighted to have you aboard our ship. It would be wonderful to catch up, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we also have news. Grave news from the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But would be. There's there's much to discuss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can send
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and transport a bridge of sorts down to you to come and join us on our ship. We'd be delighted to host you.
Tim Sackton: I'll be ready in 30 min.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful! Yeah. Let's send the bridge.
Mike Sackton: I was just wondering if we wanted to save it, that we could send it to Karnos later today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, I think 1 one thing at a time, I think diplomacy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next 2 days.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you
Tim Sackton: cause the bridge to appear outside of her tent
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nearby.
Mike Sackton: I didn't really ask which tent was hers. So
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's relatively obvious.
Mike Sackton: Kim. I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: make some breakfast with my spirit food. So I get advantage on any Christmas checks that we need to make
Mike Sackton: also cause it's hospitable.
Tim Sackton:  So
Tim Sackton: 30 min later.
Tim Sackton:  sir,
Tim Sackton: steps onto the bridge along with 6 guards.
Tim Sackton: and they are instantly teleported onto the ship.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: so you've I think I guess maybe risen hasn't met, sir, before, so as
Tim Sackton:  she is.
Tim Sackton: Where am I?
Tim Sackton: Forget how odd she is?
Tim Sackton:  she's she's like late twenties. She's not very old Karnas is her older brother. She's wearing elegant robes. Relatively short black hair.
Tim Sackton:  you know, quite.
Tim Sackton: She's clearly been in the field for a long time right? She's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, a bit dirty, a bit a bit worn down,
Tim Sackton: tired, but
Mike Sackton: also like there is fire burning in her eyes like she is.
Tim Sackton: She is
Tim Sackton: angry.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: there's just an intensity to her gaze as she steps onto the ship and looks around and and sort of
Tim Sackton: greet you, welcoming, you know.
Tim Sackton: grateful still, always as you're the ones who read her, and especially giving Kenzo a greeting and motioning basically for her guards to stand at ease.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzel Wilhelm again, you know. Read her. greet the guards as well. and you know welcome her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please please come and join us. The Elf has prepared some some wonderful food for us to to dine upon, so and also welcome to our to finish, your honor, our luck pronounce it pronunciation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vindrasharna, Vindrasharna! There's been a lot that has happened over the past many, many weeks and months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're eager to hear how things have been unfolding for you as well.
Tim Sackton: She's as she steps onto the ship. She's looking around, and her eye is immediately drawn to the
Tim Sackton: wall that Kenzo and now, Ammo have been painting
Tim Sackton: and and decorating, and sort of
Tim Sackton: turning into your own set of stories. and she just she kind of gazes for a moment and
Tim Sackton: turns, and then, you know, moves to sit down to eat. This is impressive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The past many months we've been very fortunate. We've
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: been able to meet some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: incredible and the neat and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for a fellowship with some incredible new comrades
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: across Dunmar and Cross Talgar really, and also have faced some really significant challenges that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again, I've hastened our our desire to meet with you and hopefully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I explore ways that we can stand strong and united together against the many oncoming threats which we have seen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very much firsthand and no grow stronger both to the east and also to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: north. North, is north. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the north.
Tim Sackton: I am
Tim Sackton: grateful that you have caught my. You have done
Tim Sackton: too much for me already, but
Tim Sackton: certainly a ship like this
Tim Sackton: could be indeed quite strong in battle.
Tim Sackton: There's much we could do with Vin Vindja Sharna
Tim Sackton: flying above us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean?
Mike Sackton: Who would you battle?
Tim Sackton: As you say we have many enemies.
Tim Sackton: West, north, south, east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us. Tell us more, sir, what what has happened the past past many weeks and months?
Tim Sackton: What do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not much.
Tim Sackton: We took Tocra.
Tim Sackton: drove the Jordanians out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good
Tim Sackton: Pavdar, as you know, is may or may not know. I believe I told you.
Tim Sackton: is in the north.
Tim Sackton: gathering more troops from the Samarra plains, fortifying the northern borders, patrolling the Myra Gap.
Tim Sackton: Chartin has demanded
Tim Sackton: tribute
Tim Sackton: in exchange for the soldiers. They lost
Tim Sackton: harder, has no intention of paying such tribute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good
Tim Sackton: to the East. I hoped to hear news from you. Mike.
Tim Sackton: Fears have been strangely quiet recently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, thanks in large part to the heroism of of Riswin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were able to thwart a quite
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: impressive and honestly horrifying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: army of forks, and undead. led by one of the minions of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she does she know about? Have we talked openly with her about a Polyon
Tim Sackton: you told her about? Gosh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, but of Grosch, whom we were able to best in combat not long ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so thankfully at least of now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The East is quiet and peaceful.
Tim Sackton: That is good to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us more of the goings-on in the West.
Tim Sackton: Karnaz
Tim Sackton: continues to spread the hideous lies that I am a Gothic servant
Tim Sackton: continues to believe I went willingly.
Tim Sackton: Your service.
you you
Tim Sackton: do not wish to kill Dunmari.
Tim Sackton: This must stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good that way. We are certainly agreed. Do you sense that Carnos is under any undue influence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would he believe so strongly these lies?
You're
Tim Sackton: I do not know
the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you think he would see us?
You're
Tim Sackton: it was a long time ago. but I lived with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now. What do you remember of your brother?
Tim Sackton: He was always kind to me.
Tim Sackton: He was.
Tim Sackton: Don't think he ever really wanted to rule, but
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Everything is so.
Tim Sackton: was so logical and calculated he was
Tim Sackton: always quite
okay.
Tim Sackton: Somecar was, is God
Tim Sackton:  weighing of souls the
Tim Sackton: clean.
Tim Sackton: calculated beauty of judgment.
Tim Sackton: You Knowana Wise turned against me.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if his advice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus that's the game in his court?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From this conflict
Tim Sackton: from this conflict.
Tim Sackton: Guess Chartin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps he's the one who's come under the influence of Agata. Somehow.
Mike Sackton: I think not. Got
Eric Rosenbaum: no
Mike Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: gone now. Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: who has the authority to decide
UU Church of Boulder: whose judgment will
UU Church of Boulder: once and for all set you there?
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: all I have dreamed of
Tim Sackton: riding across the plains and fighting.
Tim Sackton: I am a spear ready to be aimed
Tim Sackton: at what I don't care
Tim Sackton: who can decide.
Tim Sackton: I don't know
Mike Sackton: the temple heads, I guess. Why have you not some of them.
Tim Sackton: I have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spoken several times with Speaker Laura.
Tim Sackton: She has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gods are
Tim Sackton: strangely silent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and said they did not speak to her.
Tim Sackton: What is the point of summoning people. If the gods don't speak
Tim Sackton: something they could not see.
Mike Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: and Carnot's would not care anyway.
Tim Sackton: for he claims that Agata possesses some magical cloak that defies the god's will.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we have seen that cloak. It's not a Goths.
Mike Sackton: It's far from here, and safe.
Tim Sackton: you say so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it'd be good for us to meet our Nas. Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we want to create. You write circumstances so you could listen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have any advice?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But she like possessed.
Tim Sackton: So I'll say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah. Yes.
Tim Sackton: make an inside check
Tim Sackton: with advantage, cause you're soul-sighting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or Paul, and wait a second
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: insight check
and car
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus 8 got all of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, funny fuck, yeah. I insert
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there are. So okay, she is definitely
Tim Sackton: God touched. You can sense Aagir's presence
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agir. Who is?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why I told you all the gods in the Internet, riding on horses, fighting God right? Right? Right.
Kate Sackton: She is a spear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yup.
Tim Sackton: there is also.
yeah.
Tim Sackton: there, there's something about
Tim Sackton: Karnos that like when she, whenever she speaks of Karnos, you, you get this feeling just that.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to say exactly what it is, but there's some intense emotion there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of emotion like fear, jealousy, rage, love.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like you see her
Tim Sackton: her. or like. you're sort of watching, you're solving her, and you're sort of watching as she talks, and you can see as you watch her. This sort of burning
Tim Sackton: fire of Augier's
Tim Sackton: influence, Augier's blessing, whatever it is.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: except when
Tim Sackton: she talks about Karnas. And then
Tim Sackton: it it's hard to say exactly what it is. It's not
Tim Sackton: It's not that she's like, just.
Tim Sackton: you know, jealous or angry.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like her whole aura just kind of curls up a little bit and turns inward
UU Church of Boulder:  tools to see if she's under some magical effect or Kenzo can spend a key and learn that when he saw this, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or keys, or something. I spend it not not under any magic.
Kate Sackton: Are there like Hungarian monks?
Tim Sackton: There? Are you met some of it. Well, yeah, you met some of them. They're they patrol. They're like those patrollers they wander around. They used to have. They used to have a bunch of like monastery castles on the
Tim Sackton: southern border that protected
Tim Sackton: Denmark from Drankhorp. But those were all destroyed, and now they're sort of an iterant.
Tim Sackton: Like they keep the roads safe.
Mike Sackton: Some around here
Tim Sackton: you met some around here who are going to deal with the bandits, but we're dealing with the waiver's and the bandits. But we're waiting for the rest of their like warrior monk Troop.
Kate Sackton: But there's like, gotta be some senior agurian monk who would go to this vacation.
Kate Sackton: or are they that itinerant that they don't even have like a leadership anymore?
Tim Sackton: No, no, there would be a leadership
Kate Sackton: like it's sending to the ones that we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, anyway. So anyways, back to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go go ahead, Mike.
II was just gonna say.
Mike Sackton: Sarah, we
I'm
Mike Sackton: we intend to
Mike Sackton: bring you to treat with your brother, if you are willing.
Kate Sackton: where I hope that we can disabuse some of these notions about Akata. Given our knowledge of the situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knowledge, slash, direct confrontations twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: having bested her twice.
Kate Sackton: Well, you wouldn't have had the best to do the second time if you'd really done a good job first time
Kate Sackton: keep her alive.
Mike Sackton: We were keeping her alive so that her end fate would be appropriately suited to her station.
Mike Sackton: Well, she's being held in appropriate captivity right now. Exactly.
UU Church of Boulder: is she?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. You're pretty sure that she could not escape from that imprisonment.
Mike Sackton: What could possibly go totally insane? And things Drake, or is still, you know, around possibly could not possibly be tricked by anybody.
Kate Sackton: So he's checking on her dream transport crazy business that she might be doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know whatever.
Tim Sackton: anyway. No.
Mike Sackton: just Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we would love to. We would love to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find a way to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speak some sense to Karnos and end this conflict.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What advice may you have? Who does he trust?
Tim Sackton: Your friend? Johar spent months in his court?
Tim Sackton: It's around somewhere
Kate Sackton: so hard
Mike Sackton: you could find Johar.
Mike Sackton: I thought he never got to see him, though we like scribe him a bunch of times, and he was always like waiting, waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: that was the original problem. But maybe that changed.
Tim Sackton: No, that changed. I'm pretty sure you scribe him
Tim Sackton: when he
Tim Sackton: or inside your own.
Kate Sackton: such as a letter.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you.
Tim Sackton: II don't know what you I'm not. I mean, I have all my notes. I don't really remember what
Kate Sackton: the secret lives of Johar.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: we may only know that he was wandering around. We learned. See, I can look it. I can look it
Mike Sackton: backlinks them from his the session as we did we we learned that he's meeting with the with Nyan Carnes.
Mike Sackton: Although
Mike Sackton: we hold on, there's 2 conflicting.
Mike Sackton: There's 2 conflicting session notes, one that says he hasn't been allowed to meet him, and one that says
Mike Sackton: one that says he is
Mike Sackton: so he wasn't for a while. For a while he was definitely not right. Every single time I saw when deal with was scrying Joe hire a bunch of times he was always
Mike Sackton: He was always held back, you know, pacing in his room. Right.
Kate Sackton: Umhm. remember that?
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! And then
Mike Sackton: apparently, he's a hostage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait! Johar's a hostage right now.
Tim Sackton: That was like a
Mike Sackton: more than a month ago. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right? This is what this is. Yes.
Mike Sackton: this was about a month ago. Karnas was marching north, bringing Johar as a hostage.
Tim Sackton: The other person he trusts, or the person he trusts most. That
Tim Sackton: Sarah tells you is a misdiagn Songcar named Abba.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: do we have our telepathy app. presumably. Yes.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I think a quick sidebar.
Mike Sackton: Dave. She'll come with us to Carnos right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we doing? Trying to find who we trust, sir. Well, if we just like barge over like he's gonna be like fuck, you guys like, you know, like a little little subtlety here, you know we have. I think I think that's right. We have to set it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You actually want likelihood of success. He doesn't know us, though. Why would he.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we don't tell them, sir, is with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what is your plan? Exactly.
Mike Sackton: Fly over his camp and tell him we wanna talk to him because we have news and information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then he decides to board our ship because
Mike Sackton: he wants to learn our news and information, and it's
Mike Sackton: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then we surprise them with the fact that his.
UU Church of Boulder: the surprise part probably not the best.
Mike Sackton: but like
Mike Sackton: 6 guards, will fight her 6 guards. No, they're not. Gonna let's just go talk to him. I just I don't. I don't think he
Mike Sackton: I mean. So what if we have to fly down to? We could teleport. We can jump off our ship and fly to him right like. I just think it seems
Mike Sackton: strange to me that he would be like, no. there's a group of crazy, powerful
Mike Sackton: magic people who have just showed up. I mean, he's either. I guess maybe he would be like kill them all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so we're on, I mean, let's just one step at a time. Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree. We obviously want to talk to him. But let's try to maximize our chances for a positive outcome here by understanding a little bit more of the lay of the land, because at the end of the day, like truth, is on our side, like she is not, we have. And so here's the other thing, too. Do we have physical evidence? Do we have things like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know like and like, you know, it's like sometimes it's like, Oh, like, here's like the fucking like thing that from when we killed Akata, you know, whatever I mean your creepy bug. You keep wanting to use
UU Church of Boulder: the problem with physical evidence is
Mike Sackton: but but also he can believe anything is mad like. At the end of the day.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what evidence we could exactly give them.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we know? Do we know I mean. I hate to say this. But do we know the nancer is not under any influence? What's it like? Do we trust?
UU Church of Boulder: And so it's key, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems as though she is not.
UU Church of Boulder: But I mean, what if there are things that your key can't see? Cancel?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but but also but also I think she's acting reasonably. She doesn't want to fight if he doesn't want, if he would come to the table, and she doesn't want to spend a spill done. Mari blood she's not like, hey? Let's go kill Carnas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she if if Carnos and Carnival for peace, yeah, she she would agree right? So the the challenge here is not on her side. It's squarely on Carnasis Scott. Fine, right?
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe. I mean, probably right like at this point, probably we should just trust. Remove it, but also like
UU Church of Boulder: the way that the influence of Agir Wayne, when she's
UU Church of Boulder: thinking about her brother talking about her brother like that's not a red flag, but it's
Mike Sackton: I mean she might be unwilling to actually make peace with him if push comes to shove, because there's some sort of
Mike Sackton: terrible thing in their past together are, I mean, we don't know what happened out in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a lot of gaps when she was talking about her brother when she was talking about her brother as a kid, and was like, Oh, like we used to be this way, and he used to be so kind to me. Was it like was ever has everything that she has been communicating come from a genuine and sincere place, or does it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has there been any kind of, you know, affect to her at all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: natural 20 on that and side check.
Tim Sackton: No, you don't think she's been. There's nothing.
Tim Sackton: She's a pretty open book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's behaving severely.
Kate Sackton: I would say that although I'm not an expert in the Denver gods.
Kate Sackton: They have a lot of
Kate Sackton: mystics and orders that might not, I mean the gods themselves might not all be aligned? And it's part of the job of the mystic conclave to sort of
Kate Sackton: collectively divine a majority rule from their God, like maybe they're quiet because
Kate Sackton: Agir has a favorite, and somebody else has a favorite, and
Kate Sackton: some other gods haven't taken sides yet like there could be all sorts of like divine.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are. There are 5 of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there has to be a majority. But there could be some kind of stalemate. Yeah.
So like, if odd years will wanes when she thinks about
Kate Sackton: like maybe some other gods like
Eric Rosenbaum: no, no, our gear doesn't get to decide this.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's it's always like Karnaz is associated with Sunkar. We don't know too much about right. We haven't been involved with any Sunkar analysts or anything, I just think, showing up and talking to
Mike Sackton: Karnas. Seems like.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably actually in consideration, not bringing Sarah might be better. That's what Kenza has been saying. Let's go talk to Cardos, but also to both sides, are likely to success.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also do it in a way that can somehow soften our entrance a little bit. So again she was sterile, was just saying that the guy that she trusted, too, like the
Eric Rosenbaum: and fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just what are we gonna do? Try and find some. Can we? Just listen, please, let's just learn more learning, one understanding the landscape.
Tim Sackton: Baba is the mystic mysty of Sankar. Who?  Who?
Tim Sackton: Carnot's trusts?
Eric Rosenbaum: And how might we reach this person? Yeah. Have you known. Have you known them since you were? Has you been around since you were children?
Tim Sackton: She
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: G.
Tim Sackton: No, she
Tim Sackton: story, as I understand from Johar, is. She was summoned to
Tim Sackton: see the truth, see whether he was under any kind of spell before
Tim Sackton: Carlos would talk to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or, crying, asked to talk to Johar.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any figure from your childhood that you remember that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also, how do you communicate with with Karnas now like? Do you have? Is there any channel? Is there any diplomatic channel?
Tim Sackton: Johar has been something of a go-between.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's Joe Hart now?
Tim Sackton: I guess in my camp somewhere? Haven't seen him for a few days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very good. Can you locate him for us? Can you mute with him?
Tim Sackton: I'm sure that could be arranged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I think, if we show up with Johar. That'll be good. That'd be much better
UU Church of Boulder: agreed to meet with you if we could guarantee both of your safety. Is that something you'd be open to
Tim Sackton: depends on why we're meeting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: peace.
Tim Sackton: Make a persuasion check
Mike Sackton: any of us, make a precision check.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Anybody who's been part of the conversation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deal with that'd be, I'll do this one
Mike Sackton: 21.
Tim Sackton: I might be willing, if he was meeting, to apologize.
Mike Sackton: What
Mike Sackton: is? Why is there something else?
Tim Sackton: Have you ever been trapped in a mirror for 8 years
Mike Sackton: I've been trapped somewhere much worse for much longer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telepathically. Looks kind of taken aback telepathically. You actually have her on that one. Yeah, it was 200 years.
Mike Sackton: and every day I relived my friends and fellow soldiers dying
Tim Sackton: make a persuasion check.
Mike Sackton: 21 is still my best role
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when she was in the mirror when she was in the mirror. What did everybody else think? Again? You can inspire
Mike Sackton: Seeker, sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it? What is your inspire? At this point
Eric Rosenbaum: he can still
Tim Sackton: roll twice and take the higher.
Mike Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: gonna be hard to there you go. 29. She she pauses for a moment, and then.
Tim Sackton: like takes a breath. I just looks. I
Tim Sackton: some hide didn't know.
Mike Sackton: Tell us everything. It's okay. You didn't know. I didn't tell you.
Tim Sackton: Just 8 years. Everything is different.
Tim Sackton: Everybody I was traveling with was dead.
Okay.
Tim Sackton: should have helped me.
Tim Sackton: Should have
Tim Sackton: should have sent messages and said.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry for what happened.
Tim Sackton: Who helped you when you came out?
Mike Sackton: I sort of point to Kenso and
Mike Sackton: Seeker and Wellby.
Mike Sackton: and your people, too. Carawa. people of Carroll are welcoming.
Mike Sackton: Spent some time there recovering.
Mike Sackton: It was
Mike Sackton: hard
Mike Sackton: to come back to the world
Tim Sackton: angry all the time.
Mike Sackton: Now anger
Mike Sackton: isn't.
Mike Sackton: I think sad?
Mike Sackton: Is what I felt not angry.
Mike Sackton: What's the point of being angry?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, I'll say it double. If she's angry, she doesn't have to face the fact of how many years she lost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sir, that if I may offer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps this evening
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you might stay longer. Ask the sign. Pass the setting sign
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we might spend some time together. What's the name of the dude from? The acolyte that we picked up?
Mike Sackton: I'm almost Amal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with Amel and myself. and perhaps we can spend some time. What's the name of the tree?
Tim Sackton: We haven't named the tree
Mike Sackton: Woo. We should name the tree should name the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the tree is a it's a it's a it's a it's like a it's a branch from the big tree. What's the name of the big tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the in Tokra. It's just it's just the tree. No, no, no, Tokraath, this is the album Melvin tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that's just it's called an elder tree. It's one of the sort of loci of all the nor that one of the 2 elfin gods you should name this tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a. It's like a it's like that. Trees like, you know, sapling, or like that, trees, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the next of that truth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The elves probably named the elder trees. There probably is. Oh, yeah, I'm sure there should totally be a name for the elder, so so we'll we'll have some name. That's a cool remix of that tree, saying, it's the descendant industry. Yeah, II say to Sarah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps stay with us a bit later. and we continue together with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  with bechmarked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with some of the Dunmari gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  But in a moment of reflection, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to perhaps find a way
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to channel your anger into energy that may ultimately
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connect to something more peaceful for our people. You've heard from Dellwith how it was actually the Denmari and the Denmark community, and goodwill and sense of family that really helped to restore him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was almost mentors that actually first found out with in the deserts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps an evening of reflection will would be soothing for you.
Mike Sackton: Helps, too, sir. You're not here to fight your brethren.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure of it. There's another purpose.
Mike Sackton: Just need to find it.
Mike Sackton: There's something rising in the east worse even than grosch.
Tim Sackton: My dreams are so muddled.
Tim Sackton: and lately they've been clear but
Tim Sackton: for a long time. Just confusion.
Tim Sackton: No, I
Tim Sackton: I would hear of this danger.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, quick, Meta. Question when she was in the mirror. What did everybody else think that she was kidnapped, or what was it? Again, what did everybody think when she was in there? I already thought that she was dead.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what, Tim? What does it mean to be God touched?
Tim Sackton: I mean, basically, like.
Tim Sackton: you know. she could. Yeah, like she's a pilot in her cleric.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Della Scott touched Griswold. Scott touched
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza was touched. But is this something that changed or was always true of her?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know
Tim Sackton: you don't know?
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: yeah, it's not. Kenza wasn't nearly as good at soul sighting when you first met her.
Tim Sackton: That was like right after you'd
Tim Sackton: got your abilities. But also when we met her, could have been after she came under. I got his influence in such a way that
Eric Rosenbaum: something, something causing her to be. You are very suspicious, seeker, but she does not strike me as somebody under. I got his influence.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Her actions
Mike Sackton: are not. Agata would have her fighting. Goth would have her charging into battle God, who would have her splitting her forces. causing chaos
Eric Rosenbaum: which he, though Agata, seems to have made a lot of subtle moves, not all of which we know about.
Mike Sackton: If a guy is making a subtle move, it's on carnivor. Yeah, I think I think we got to meet Carnot. I wonder, too. God! It was ever that subtle?
Kate Sackton: I want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magical strength, because that could matter when we try to approach him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But did Sarah accept the offer to come and
Kate Sackton: meditate.
Tim Sackton: make a make a persuasion check also with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19. Let's go with that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. yeah, she does. She says.
Tim Sackton: actually, that might be nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome, she can. She can delegate responsibility.
Mike Sackton: I was
Mike Sackton: trying to ask if we should tell her the whole story of a polyon telepathically, since she asked. She said she wanted, oh, yeah, we should tell her. Let's tell. Let's tell her everything. You gotta start ringing is gonna be doing like bigger, greater danger always good for unifying everybody against her right. So Paul.
Eric Rosenbaum: know if there was other danger, and I think we could say, like, I think we're the way that you find that out, or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's tell. So we'll tell. I mean, Della will start telling her the story. I mean. Let's give her the whole download and
Mike Sackton: 1,000 years ago, and drank or blah blah blah blah blah
Kate Sackton: good start of any old blah blah blah blah blah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean mentioned the chart. O, play up! Actually, those will play up a little bit. The Chardonnian, like
Mike Sackton: he has his claws deep in chartin here, this this I love. How we're all on board for this this, this you know, radical strategy.
Mike Sackton: We don't know how deep it goes, but that I would not trust any especially powerful magic chart. And it it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that. And that's a good segue into seekers. Question about ma magical capabilities and also potential Cardonian influence in the the Carnos camp. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: she she I mean. She says you should. You should speak to Johar because he has traveled in Karnas's camp. The Misty of Sunkar is quite a powerful magic user.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! We should meet that person
Tim Sackton: otherwise, I mean.
Tim Sackton: most done. Mari armies have a a few like low level clerics and paladins, but other than the mistake of Sunkar, there's nobody who could come close to matching you in magical and power.
Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's it? What was the deal with Karna cause Karna had some kind of agreement with the Chardonnians right like. Wasn't he kind of in lead with them a little bit?
Tim Sackton: He wasn't in league with them. He was.
Tim Sackton: I mean. It was a commercial arrangement. He was getting
Tim Sackton: money.
Mike Sackton: and they were getting to plunder things, and they were getting to plunder stuff.
Mike Sackton: Remember, he was like letting the side of the open scroll wander through Denmark and take stuff in exchange for payment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forgot about that, Russ. when everything about that.
Mike Sackton: when
Mike Sackton: when we didn't we word about it, when we scribe the when we clairvoy it? No scroll. What do we do? We scrivens? I don't remember which one
Mike Sackton: I don't think we had scry. I think we clairvoyance the  the the journey in general, and they were like spies! And we almost died.
Mike Sackton: They like caught up sounds great.
Tim Sackton: That was clairvoyance. That was before you had sky.
Mike Sackton: So. sir, I'm sure you have many things to do.
Mike Sackton: We'll tell her this story. II mean, abbreviate 45 min version. We could talk more about this tonight. It goes on for a while. You tell the story. Your telepathy is ends at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and button.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as I said, just to make sure that she just she starts the Johar process because we wanna and then let's go go.
Mike Sackton: I mean, she
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says her goodbyes. Yeah, before she says her goodbyes. Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll I can say more what? What we do together. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah, she's coming. She's coming back this evening. She's going to like deal with
Tim Sackton: administrative stuff and send a messenger to find Johar and and tell him that Kenzo's in town and
Mike Sackton: the bridge stays active. Right?
Mike Sackton: So Johan just needs to come find the bridge exactly. It's not hard. Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  we just call you outside Johar here. Right? So she goes. She takes her guards. She is planning on coming back this evening
Tim Sackton: like after dinner, to like, meditate with Kenzo and and Amal
Tim Sackton:  a few 20 min later Johar was already heading in this direction, thinking basically crazy flying ship with a rainbow bridge. I wonder if Kenza's around?
Tim Sackton: And he shoots up the bridge and appears.
Tim Sackton: He definitely looks like his age like 10 years, like he was like the sort of
Tim Sackton: fitter, and
Tim Sackton: you know, happier version of Kenzo. But you know he's definitely he's still wearing. It's like white robes, blue, trim
Tim Sackton: super. Happy to see Kenzo. He comes and gives him a big hug
Tim Sackton: like, and looks actually over dealt with and like
Tim Sackton: hands you a sack of coins, and it's like. I'm sorry I couldn't get that to the
Tim Sackton: families of the people that Cassie and killed.
Tim Sackton: It's been crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I have to ask before anything else happens. Are you absolutely a hundred percent sure that Agatha is dead?
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, no, that's definitely not it. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's in prison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in, in, in the farewell
Tim Sackton: cannot influence anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and not influence.
UU Church of Boulder: No, we don't know one way or another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep, likely, but very, very likely not. Basically like 100, like 99.9 9 9%.
Tim Sackton: Look. I trust you, Kenzo. But
Tim Sackton: Carnas has found some scary things
UU Church of Boulder: like what? Well, the
UU Church of Boulder: just to interrupt? For a moment. The thought that comes to my mind right now is.
UU Church of Boulder: agata is not in control of that fly we have.
UU Church of Boulder: but that thing still tries to kill us every time we use it.
UU Church of Boulder: She doesn't need to have an active connection here to still have some amount of influence.
UU Church of Boulder: or for traps or plant-set motion. Still to be probably shouldn't be saying this in front of
Mike Sackton: you know there's somebody else, who would benefit from chaos and denmark, I suspect.
Mike Sackton: anyway, what scary things.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton:  like looks around
Tim Sackton: there. Any way that we can like talk and not be heard.
Tim Sackton: do you have like protection from magic
Tim Sackton: scrying or anything.
Mike Sackton: You should have that right. I mean, we don't. We do. I mean, we have a holy spot, but it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: When we get to. I think the Fifteenth Level bastion thing is that immune to detection room.
Mike Sackton: But we don't have that yet. We could loop them into telepathy. We have the top. I can also see invisible. I will. I will do the blessing, so I can see invisible.
Mike Sackton: We got that back. Yeah, took it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's been that sucker.
Mike Sackton: But I'll I'll also look around. I think there's no invisible things work. There's no invisible thing telepathically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Diane Marathu.
Tim Sackton: who was the stomach store as mentor
apparently wrote a letter
Tim Sackton: that was not to be opened until his death
Tim Sackton: that confessed in his youth he had been to visit the old woman of the dust.
Tim Sackton: and that he owed her a favor.
Tim Sackton: and he was sorry
Tim Sackton: for the chaos that was sure to come.
Tim Sackton: But he was compelled
Tim Sackton: to deliver Sarah
Tim Sackton: into her apprenticeship and training.
Eric Rosenbaum: No
UU Church of Boulder: apprenticeship and training
Eric Rosenbaum: that part, perhaps being alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what is crazy that we have not totally thought about. What if Sera actually is a Gotas apprentice and was put inside the mirror for us to find holy fuck?
Eric Rosenbaum: Lot of things are possible. Just believe, wow! That's pretty fucking wild.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be a plot twist.
Tim Sackton: Carlos is
Tim Sackton: convinced
Tim Sackton: he will not let this country fall under the sway of this hag. I don't know what to tell him.
Kate Sackton: Would we have no one to tell anybody?
Tim Sackton: I've seen the letter.
Mike Sackton: but we've seen the history of Sera being a captive, we should show the letter to the mirror.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah. We looked into the past in the mirror.
Kate Sackton: But what's the pass of the letter?
Kate Sackton: Hmm!
Kate Sackton: Wait. Tell us
UU Church of Boulder: we know.
Kate Sackton: because we saw the like
Kate Sackton: like that would have had been like a really massive staged thing that the mirror would show us later. Like Sarah being captured. We saw her being captured. We saw her going in the mirror.
UU Church of Boulder: but
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, if she came out of the mirror the next day and began her apprenticeship correct? We wouldn't have wait. But what was Sirk wearing when she found her in the mirror? Yes.
Mike Sackton: was it the same as what she was wearing when she came out.
Mike Sackton: And also, can we take any article of, sir, as from that time, and actually showed that to the mirror
Tim Sackton: your recollection is that you do think she was wearing the same clothes? We.
Mike Sackton: but
Kate Sackton: which is a detail they would have paid attention to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did she have any? Yeah, any notable like articles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, jewelry
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, whatever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck.
Kate Sackton: But let's start with that letter. I mean, we can't use the mirror that often, anyway. So even if we found some other sort of thing, we couldn't use it right away. But the letter we can.
Tim Sackton: We need to get the word. I mean you've got like 4 days before you can use the mirror again.
Mike Sackton: What did we just use it on?
Tim Sackton: Use it on that sword?
Mike Sackton: Right from Carson, right?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have other skills.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: could we determine if the letter
Mike Sackton: wait? How long does speak with? Can any of us cast speak with Dad.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we use that scroll?
Eric Rosenbaum: We use the scroll to speak with the dad in
Mike Sackton: the place
Mike Sackton: at the forage? Actually, it's not that many more days
Mike Sackton: can we go? So
Kate Sackton: so the day tomorrow I could speak with dead. I don't have it prepared right now, but I could. Who's who's dead? Yeah. Who's the dead person we're trying to speak with
Mike Sackton: that that
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Oh, right! We'd have to go find them
UU Church of Boulder: till to wait till by who
Mike Sackton: nobody, I mean was he killed?
Mike Sackton: Nobody knows. Maybe in in theory he was right. Theoretically he was killed by a guy. I mean
Mike Sackton: having him write a letter, saying he was delivering Sarah into her apprenticeship, is exactly the kind of favor that I got to
Eric Rosenbaum: would ask for. That has nothing to do with whether it's true or not. Right? Why does he believe that lawyers so much like, why couldn't that just be another got to trickery?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we gotta meet Cardos for this flipboard.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to believe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's found. There is a lot of evidence that Agata has been messing with Dunbar for many it many years, of course. But but why? But what's the evidence that Sira is Agata's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Prentice? What's the evidence of that other than this leather? What behavior has she demonstrated that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bruise.
UU Church of Boulder: What if we went back to the goddess Lair.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, we hustled out of there pretty last time.
UU Church of Boulder: or for good reason. But
UU Church of Boulder: what if we went back and took a closer look.
Eric Rosenbaum: did just fly over, I mean.
Mike Sackton: one of
Mike Sackton: one of sarah's chief lieutenants was
Mike Sackton: running around
Mike Sackton: doing all kinds of bad stuff right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, it was our fault. But that can't have helped.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I, Johar again. I don't know exactly.
Tim Sackton: You know I'm not privy to his counsels.
Bye, bye.
David Kong: I am something of a historian.
Tim Sackton: I think once you start digging, there's just a lot of
Tim Sackton: mentions lot of little subtle things, and I
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure exactly. It just seems
Tim Sackton: seems plausible, you know. Right?
Tim Sackton: II can see you're even doubting yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not doubt Sarah is not.
Mike Sackton: I got this servant?
David Kong: Well, certainly not knowingly.
Kate Sackton: but I mean, if Laca gives. and so the ability to soul-site.
Kate Sackton: and Kenzo's
Kate Sackton: not seeing this deception. Well.
Tim Sackton: here's the problem, he! What do you know about this cloak?
Mike Sackton: Quite a lot more than anybody in Denmark? I suspect
you're
Tim Sackton: could Agata have
Mike Sackton: hidden things from the gods with it. She never had it.
Tim Sackton: you're sure.
Mike Sackton: Yes. and it doesn't work like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems possible that if
Eric Rosenbaum: one such artifact was made from
Eric Rosenbaum: the threads, from amber glow, another could have been made.
UU Church of Boulder: He will be
Kate Sackton: well, but would gosh have been after the one setting
Kate Sackton: was after
David Kong: there was another one. How did the club working on? And why is it so? Why are you so sure, Mike Slash, that we're not that confused that way.
Mike Sackton: Well, the way it worked was that it literally suppressed the gods
at the moment, but as soon as it left, the gods sprung back.
Mike Sackton: that's exactly what dealt with experienced.
Mike Sackton: But it's more that it's more that
Tim Sackton: the the Marcus Kingdom. How old is it? 200 years ish 150 years. It's after great, the Great War, but
Mike Sackton: so I guess there is. But when did they find the cloak? Oh, they found the cloak!
Mike Sackton: Where do they find the cloak
Mike Sackton: they found it in
Tim Sackton: in A Done mari in A, in one of these Agir castles of Agir, basically, because if Akita had taken the if Augusta had found the cloak she would have never given it up. That was not her thing.
Mike Sackton: Would she have stuck it in a store box fortress unless there was a trade involved.
Mike Sackton: abandon it in the middle of Dunmore.
Mike Sackton: But when she was influencing the gods it couldn't have been like to hide from Laca that she was using, sir, as an apprentice, because that was because that was that was way after right like we, the the providence of the cloak is certain, because the Orcs would have been so impacted. There's no way they didn't have it right.
Kate Sackton: Have been having it since they have it, and it hasn't been keeping Laca from knowing anything that anyone was up to for at least 200 years. So if Sarah was a Gotas apprentice 300 years ago. Fine. But since there's
Kate Sackton: it's an accusation is 8 years ago, or something.
Mike Sackton: Even so, it's not. I mean, nothing that
Mike Sackton: we experienced with the cloak suggests that the gods can't come. Don't come back when the cloak weets
Kate Sackton: right? So if the gods are quiet to the Lockens right now, there would have to be like a cloak around each lock-in who's trying to communicate with their God
Kate Sackton: within, you know a few 100 feet of him all the time like it's the lots of are all spread out all over the place.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: you could see why the Denmark would believe it. It's possible right? It's just not true.
Mike Sackton: not not actually how it works we've we've experienced. I mean.
Mike Sackton: we have.
David Kong: Yeah, Jo, are what? What other evidence do you have? What else? If what else other than the cloak. And this letter what else I mean?
Tim Sackton: Supposedly Aga was. Agatha was behind the sickness of the plague trees, which I finally figured out what it was
Tim Sackton: she killed another sommat
Tim Sackton: started the wars against the blackened claw. Hob, goblins!
Kate Sackton: This all sounds credible, but not necessarily linked to Sarah.
Mike Sackton: She started the wars against the hop gobbl ones.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Not precisely my experience. Goblins start wars on their own pretty easily.
Tim Sackton: Yes, of course.
Tim Sackton: she murdered supposedly
Tim Sackton: Nyan Baghdad, the sawmark
Tim Sackton: in the 16.
Tim Sackton: Well, he would say, in the Denmark years, but I don't have my calculator up yet. Sorry I stopped my Javascript project on that one. That's okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean. I'm sure there would have been a war, anyway.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: 9 Yard.
Tim Sackton: despite his involvement in the yeah
Tim Sackton: exile of the fraternity of the empty moon from Tokra was not, as far as I've read, a particularly skilled
Tim Sackton: ruler. Perhaps if Baja had lived
Tim Sackton: and Yard could have solely
Tim Sackton: fought the battles instead of
Tim Sackton: having to
Tim Sackton: manage the country as well, things would have turned out differently.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, that's really what's not here.
Mike Sackton: I have no doubt I get that has caused trouble for many years. She was
Mike Sackton: a thorn in the side of Dunmar
Mike Sackton: since the great war ended. As far as I understand it.
Mike Sackton: But that doesn't mean that Sarah is her pawn. None of it's not the one you have to convince. Yes.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's not telling you what I've seen, not a guarantee. But if Sarah was questioned in a zone of truth, or something like that, when that could be at all commencing.
Kate Sackton: probably not
David Kong: well. Also, this is also the case, and almost more obvious that they are both being fermented, that if not, sir, being actually imprisoned by Augusta for so many years.
David Kong: Wouldn't that also be an entirely plausible and actually the truth?
Tim Sackton: I,
Ok.
Tim Sackton: and I don't know what to tell you. I mean this is
Tim Sackton: III believe, anything you say, Kenza. You've been on
Tim Sackton: far more adventures than me. I'm not doubting anything you say.
Tim Sackton: I'm just telling you what I've seen in Karnas's camp.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we understand. Tell us more about does, Mr. Abba?
Tim Sackton: She's interesting.
Tim Sackton: She seems.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. She's almost
Tim Sackton: not quite human
Tim Sackton: like she's almost stepped into the realms beyond. Already
Tim Sackton: she sees
Tim Sackton: she sees straight into your soul.
Mike Sackton: And has anybody suggested she. Look at Sarah's soul.
Tim Sackton: Karnos doesn't trust anything that Sankar says.
Tim Sackton: He thinks it's all a trick in the cloak
Tim Sackton: is the one thing they fight about.
Mike Sackton: Should we?
Mike Sackton: We have a couple Orcs with us, and a whole bunch of stories about the clothes.
Mike Sackton: Of course you should meet our friend, who know all about the cloak.
Mike Sackton: We, in fact, have an expert on the history of the cloak down below. In this very ship
Eric Rosenbaum: we could bring people in a party to Ms. Kagar.
Mike Sackton: We could, we could. Even we could even show the cloak the actual cloak, to carn us if you would like.
Tim Sackton: If you could convince him the cloak has nothing to do with Agatha
Kate Sackton: cloak field trip.
Tim Sackton: That might make a big difference.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna share. I'm gonna share with Karnas, my Icloud.
Mike Sackton: like boulder with all the video of the cloak. Yeah. So it's like, we don't have to make this whole big trip like it's not even that. What like I mean it. It's a little bit of a detour. We're gonna get to Tokra sometime. And
Mike Sackton: in June at this point. But you know it's a quick teleport
Kate Sackton: California.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is a quick teleport, and to save off civil war this is worth it. Let's do it. How far can our Rainbow Bridge go? It can go anywhere we know. So in addition to Rainbow Bridge, I have the teleport spell right? And we've been to this other place. Yeah, we could teleport there. And it's a group of up to 8. So we could just send the night there and then teleport back the next day.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: That sounds perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: global. So great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Would Karna see us. We come and talk to him.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he has gotten very paranoid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Johar. we're counting on. You help us facilitate a meeting.
Tim Sackton: I have no influence in that court.
Tim Sackton: I just bring messages and then get
Tim Sackton: yelled at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you see this.
Tim Sackton: this latest
Tim Sackton: thing that I found? That proves that everybody is all of done. Mari. History has been orchestrated by a Gota just to get me. Has he ever met an elf?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Probably there's
Kate Sackton: like the Tardionian and trading. There was at least one who passed through Niagara about a decade ago
Tim Sackton: before he was ruling, but he was prominent. There.
Mike Sackton: I just
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. How do you get on the good side paranoid this? Trusted mystic? We should talk to them.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. who's your conversation like these are good options to have in our pocket. Let's
UU Church of Boulder: I'll suck the mystic a sucked Carnis. Let's see what
UU Church of Boulder: what he would find convincing, I mean, look if you walk into his camp.
Tim Sackton: you know he's gonna interrogate you.
Tim Sackton: He's not gonna just let you wander around his camp. So if you want to talk to him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, can't keep. Just simply want me. So
Tim Sackton: don't
Tim Sackton: push him too fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we talk to the mystic first?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Joe Hardy. Think you could send a message to the Mystic and see if they would be willing to meet us.
Tim Sackton: I'm happy to take a letter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: please.
Kate Sackton: Good to do best.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's about a day's ride.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have an airship. We can take you there.
Tim Sackton: If you fly this over camp. Yeah, you will be speaking to him
Mike Sackton: now I'll send a letter.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah, send the links.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, faster than Johar, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: I mean, will you? Will you write something to bring with our letter, so she knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II can vouch for you.
Mike Sackton: That's how we're asking. Of course I can vouch for you.
UU Church of Boulder: Whoever showed me I was.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. What do you want to say? What's your letter?
Kate Sackton: We share the King's concern about a God silencing cloak, and we have quested to understand it.
Kate Sackton: and, in fact. have some information. We'd be glad to share some.
Mike Sackton: The, I think we say we're we have come from the East with
Mike Sackton: vital intelligence for Dunmar, and we are want to share it with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: are you writing a letter to?
Mike Sackton: I guess if we're writing to Aba.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no say ava.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We write to Ava. We say that we say that we ultimately seek a you know, a meeting with the king, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we we would request to speak with you first.
Kate Sackton:  about this matter of the gods and the cloaks, and so forth. Seems very mystic, clerical.
Mike Sackton: That doesn't feel like
Mike Sackton: wait the right direction to go. But I don't have a better idea.
Kate Sackton: Well, she's not gonna be impressed by strength.
Kate Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: why are we talking to her instead of Karnaz again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she get a little more insight. Yeah, cause he's he's crazy. He's crazy guy.
Mike Sackton: right? But I mean.
Mike Sackton: sure. But what's the next step after talking to her, trying to get him to. Are we trying to get her to vouch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or us with Carnas? I think we'll learn more after we talk much like we learned from Johar. We'll learn from by talking to her if she's willing to meet with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so why don't we set that.
Mike Sackton: as I say. maybe we start with the same general information.
Mike Sackton: but the same general idea. We we come bearing information. But we are concerned that our Nos will not listen to it with the appropriate seriousness, because of his concerns about the gods being silenced, and part of our information is, in fact, about the cloak, and we would we would like some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, in regards to the cloak perspective, right? Joe. R.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
Mike Sackton: That's the one thing they fight about, because
Tim Sackton: she is more
Mike Sackton: she just knows Songcar is not cut off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She is more trusting of the gods than Carlos's is what Johar says. but this is good, that that's great. Let we say that. Put that in the put that in the links.
Mike Sackton: Yep, send it out.
Tim Sackton: That that goes in an hour. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. It's what. 10 miles an hour something like that. And it waits for a response faster? Oh, yeah, Ken.
Tim Sackton: even Texas.
Mike Sackton: even 10 miles an hour is plenty of time to get it there back to that.
Tim Sackton: right
Tim Sackton:  so. And Johan writes a little note.
Tim Sackton: yeah, she will meet with you.  okay.
Mike Sackton: you get a letter back that evening 50 M. 50 miles an hour, but only for 2 h per day.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's enough to get there back in 2 h. You get a letter back. She says that
Tim Sackton: if you travel to Karnasa's camp
Tim Sackton: without making a scene
Tim Sackton: she will.
Tim Sackton: She will meet you, and she, she like describes a location that actually you
Tim Sackton: no cause you've passed through this area before. That's about 5 miles outside of Karna, outside of, like the the fortified in that is apparently Karnas's main base.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect is, I shall meet you there tomorrow lunchtime if you can make it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I'm also just very briefly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When Sarah comes back to the camp appropriate. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, basically. Kenzo and Amal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we take. We. We take her through like a tour of the hall like our the wall stories, so she can see, you know, kind of in greater detail, like, you know what's ha! What's unfolded? All the various entities and beings that we've met and all their stories, and then we take her to to the tree, and we spend some time spent a lot of time there, actually, just in silent meditation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: calling, speaking to the gods. And Tim in particular, when we're when we're kind of going through this, this, these moments, like Penza's, really gonna like lock into the vibe of of her essence and her kind of you know her energy. And again, like Kenza, is really really trying to just send her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soothing sent her calm center. Peace, and you know, try to try to try to calm this larger kind of angry energy that she's got going on you. So you spend a while meditating with her, and you
Tim Sackton: you sort of have the feeling that peace isn't
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what she needs. What does she need?
Tim Sackton: An enemy?
Mike Sackton: But she can fight. Purpose
Tim Sackton: is a purpose.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, pretty much.
Tim Sackton: She needs to raise an army. I mean, she needs. She needs to settle the thing with Carnos because she can't ride off
Mike Sackton: to fight a polyon
Mike Sackton: also, like, where is a polymer. Where is it? The dude got an army like where's his? Where's where is forces, Drake, or you don't know he's in drink, or does he have an army problem. They're not living, but I'm sure he has a undead army of some kind, I mean, didn't the didn't the Dunmari try this once before and fail miserably when they marched on Denmark. Didn't one of the try once before?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not you don't get the sense that she I mean.
Tim Sackton: you know when you meditate with her, you can. I mean, you can feel like
Tim Sackton: you haven't really prayed to Augier. Much is not really like your vibe, but like you could definitely feel that sort of energy around her, right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but again, the ager energy, it's not like a manipulative agata energy own like, that's just genuine. Yeah, warrior spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She has that. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I get it. I get it. That's fucking cool, though. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll give her an appropriate first a polyon, or maybe chart in first, then a polyon. You know.
Mike Sackton: Charton is just one of a polyons fingers. Yeah, so we gotta go, you know. Like, let's let's do charting first, and then we'll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: build up a strength and then and then
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna also go pray to the tachi.
Mike Sackton: Now I'm gonna use my contact. Other plane feature that I now have to ask the 5 questions.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: And questions either yes or no. Right
Mike Sackton: yes, no. Maybe never unclear above it, yes or no, but but it can be slightly longer than yes or no. If a yes or no answer
Mike Sackton: first question. Is. can Agatha influence that
Mike Sackton: Denmark
Mike Sackton: from where she is now they might not know. I mean they they might. They might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question great question.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what the tachi. Now?
Tim Sackton: Probably not.
Mike Sackton: Probably not great. Just what I wanted to hear.
Kate Sackton: can we give you hints? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She left behind influences in Denmark that are currently active, magical influences.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, II don't know how they would know the answer that. But sure I'll ask it
Tim Sackton: is there
Mike Sackton: has Agatha left behind.
Mike Sackton: magical booby traps, traps. and tricks that we do not know about in Denmark.
Tim Sackton: just traps and tricks, or magical traps and tricks, magical magical
Mike Sackton: magical traps or tricks.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton:  okay, was, sir, in the mirror for 8 years.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton:  was.
UU Church of Boulder: But I mean something about the intent. was the were the things said in the letter from previous dude. True?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Click. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. What's the question was? Was Sarah's mentor truthful in his final letter.
Tim Sackton: What letter.
Mike Sackton: Hmm, hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm. Mirror letter, mirror, letter, mirror letter. We gotta do it. Okay. One more
Mike Sackton: he. He. Clearly he didn't write. If he didn't write it.
Mike Sackton: That would be the answer you would get if he didn't write the letter
Mike Sackton: right, because I asked about his letter.
Mike Sackton: But he didn't write a final letter. So what letter?
Mike Sackton:  yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is the
Mike Sackton: does the mist die of Sankar Aba?
Mike Sackton:  have Denmark's best interests at heart?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: alright, that's 5 questions.
Mike Sackton: The Tachi know more than I thought they would.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean. maybe they're asking.
Tim Sackton: That's true. They could be doing their intercession thing. That's a good point.
Tim Sackton: Alright. So next, anything you want to do before meeting with.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So the next day. So how are you getting to the meeting spot?
Mike Sackton: Mean, can we just ride horses. Yeah, surreptitiously. I'll hop on, Baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I don't have to stay on the
Eric Rosenbaum: yep, right? We can just park it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we leave the ship. Here we just is just sitting there like I'm ready. Stay stay here, Frederick.
Eric Rosenbaum: dreamy bird!
Tim Sackton: Wait! What if you might need somebody to rescue?
Mike Sackton: No, we're bringing the Rainbow Bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'll let you know, father.
Mike Sackton: you don't. You don't have keys yet right
Tim Sackton: now you're working your way to it. What one speaker and Kenza are tuned to the stone. Somebody else can only attune to the stone if they
Tim Sackton: rob attunement or allow
Mike Sackton: right? You can't like steal it, too. Yeah, no, no. I know. Yeah. Okay. early in the morning, yeah. Free dawn is out. Is there any traffic between these 2 camps like are.
Mike Sackton: or is it not? Really? I mean, should we just be invisible like you're not? I mean, you can't. It's a 20 mile ride. You're not gonna be invisible for 6 h doesn't take 6 h to ride 20 miles 4 h. You certainly can't ride in an hour.
Mike Sackton: Wow! We could be invisible for almost 4 h we could be invisible 4 h, actually, if I used all my slots and my I'd still have one slot left, because I can refresh 2 slots with various tricks.
Mike Sackton: but whether it's worth being invisible for that long, I don't think we have to be invisible for 20 miles. I think we just need not attacking. We have an appointment. Yeah?
Mike Sackton: Well, but we don't want like the
Mike Sackton: curry. Yeah, we don't. We actually don't want like the
Mike Sackton: Why are we not just teleporting to the spot. I mean, we could just do that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, burn seekers next day!
Mike Sackton: Let's do that. That's easier. And and just a meta game or not even met a game. But I think for for Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if Frederick
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: demonstrates in one other moment
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some type type of heroism or some type of you know true dedication to our cause. I think Kenza will feel comfortable letting Frederick
Eric Rosenbaum: might be a while for waiting for to demonstrate heroism, though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all the time
Mike Sackton: several times it was okay with the edge of Echo. He was a bit scared of Grash's army, I mean in fairness, that's okay. I mean.
Mike Sackton: secreted. Blast him with like psychic rays from hiding. So you know.
Tim Sackton: okay, so you and appear. And you see this
Tim Sackton: woman waiting for you. She's
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Mid forties has
Mike Sackton: us
Tim Sackton: like very
Tim Sackton: piercing blue eyes, like almost unnaturally
Tim Sackton: blue, like the whole Irish like, you know, like spice eyes from dude. That sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: And she's sitting in meditation
Tim Sackton:  Her eyes closed, but looks up.
Tim Sackton: or
Tim Sackton: clearly aware of your of your arrival.
Tim Sackton: and looks at you and opens your eyes as you're like as you're in the process of teleporting down. She's staring it right at the spot where you're gonna land.
Tim Sackton: She's wearing very plain clothing. She's got a thick like golden necklace that has like a holy symbol of song car at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: Brown hair that's sort of loose
Tim Sackton: shoulder length short,
Tim Sackton: And she rises slowly and just kind of stares at everybody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to solve site with the keys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what do we got?
Tim Sackton:  she. Okay. Well, she's currently
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton: there is magic. There is a magical effect on her. It is the true sight spell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is.
Tim Sackton: which lets her see through all illusions the invisibility, see into the ethereal plane.
Tim Sackton: see everything completely as it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something I can do that I was suspecting she was doing when he said, it seems like she sees everything
Tim Sackton: she is not. She's
Tim Sackton: completely calm.
Tim Sackton:  Highest stability scores wisdom. lowest ability. Score is strength. But not quite as powerful as you, but almost
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: woo a twist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting!
Tim Sackton: She gives you all a look and a slight nod of her head.
Tim Sackton: You have come to speak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have, we have. Thank you for your story. Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We bring news of the East, and also are curious of
Kate Sackton: I mean, could you tell her the history of your fighting have forgotten, like
Mike Sackton: our story?
Mike Sackton: Dallas will say
Mike Sackton: we come from the East. having defeated Grosch. You know who crash is.
Tim Sackton: I have heard rumors.
Mike Sackton: but have come and seen.
and
Mike Sackton: the troubles here in Denmark, and we fear what
Mike Sackton: Grash's master
Mike Sackton: is rising in the East. and and unsettled Dunmar would benefit him.
Mike Sackton: We wish to know. We come
Mike Sackton: hoping
Mike Sackton: there's a way to end this
Mike Sackton: conflict. We seek your advice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also have spent
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quite some time in the East with great experience now, and knowledge of magical artifacts that I believe, are of interest to you in particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a cloak capable of great power and shielding from the gods
Mike Sackton: the cloak of rainbows is called.
Tim Sackton: What do you know of such things.
Mike Sackton: You know many things where it was found.
Mike Sackton: who made it. what it does. how it feels.
Eric Rosenbaum: and who holds it now, and who holds it down.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Kate Sackton: we tell the story of
Kate Sackton: what the cloak, what it does, and
Mike Sackton: oh, hold on!
Mike Sackton: That will also sort of describe for a few minutes how it feels to be cut off from the gods when the quote is nearby.
Mike Sackton: but the one who holds it now is
Mike Sackton: not interested in human gods or elvish gods, for that matter, he holds it to cut his just keep his people safe from
Mike Sackton: a terrible God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's she receiving all this information to him.
Mike Sackton: I want to pause like what any reaction
Tim Sackton: has this person always held this cloak?
Mike Sackton: I don't remember but Deleth would remember how long I'll say how long, and then his father, mother, whatever like, we know the history of it for about 150 years. Right? So I'll recite what we know
Tim Sackton: there has not been any doubt of possession recently.
Mike Sackton: None. It would be impossible, for
Mike Sackton: it'd be impossible for
Mike Sackton: this kingdom to survive
Mike Sackton: should the cloak vanish.
Mike Sackton: We have some from that place, some travelers with us
Mike Sackton: from this place
Mike Sackton: who might know more.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: It is not subtle. This cloak
Mike Sackton: being near, is like it.
Mike Sackton: echoing silence
Mike Sackton: that you cannot. Persuasion check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
Mike Sackton: No cause you haven't fed. I haven't fed fancy fed already. Better by fancy. 25.
You're
Tim Sackton: hmm.
Tim Sackton: That is consistent with my expectations.
Tim Sackton: although it is strange, weird noise. Could you say that over again it is consistent with my expectations.
Tim Sackton: although it is strange. because until 10 days ago or so
Tim Sackton: there was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not silence.
Tim Sackton: Confusion
to
Tim Sackton: whiteboard. Fate of Dunmar is beyond the reach of the gods.
Tim Sackton: Don't know how to explain it.
Mike Sackton: It changed 10 days ago.
Tim Sackton: Changed
Tim Sackton: just before the New Year.
Mike Sackton:  that
Eric Rosenbaum: privately! What
Mike Sackton: wait the New Year does she mean? The New Year in Drian, reckoning not in Dunmari reckoning
Mike Sackton: sorry. So she doesn't mean when we destroy the scepter.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: when was wait?
Mike Sackton: II thought the Denmark New Year was January 20. Third, or something like that hasn't happened to. What date is it?
Tim Sackton: February second.
Mike Sackton: Oh. when we kill garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: January twentieth? Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm like, do we bring in New York. I kill him. Josh, that happened. We did. Yeah, but sorry. I thought she was referring to the
Mike Sackton: January 30 first, which would have been right. We destroyed the scepter on the 20 fifth on Christmas Day in human terms. Not that it's Christmas, but on the 20 fifth
Mike Sackton: but we killed
Mike Sackton: just this line that that is, when. as when we killed crush.
Mike Sackton: there was some
Mike Sackton: question as to whether he would be able to take this cloak
you.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps that was it
the
Mike Sackton: that also sort of wait a minute, and then kind of generally repeat the we came seeking advice. So any advice yet you won't say it like that. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also, yeah, just just you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may have information that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and even
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ways to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you want to see the cloak, or speak with those that have the cloak. if that would be helpful in assuaging current any misconceptions or other fears, what do you seek to accomplish
Kate Sackton: peace? Or is it to marry people to be under the
Kate Sackton: protection and guidance of their gods.
Mike Sackton: the spear of the admirer people to be pointed away from its own heart
Eric Rosenbaum: dangers north, and there are dangers to the east
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the south
Mike Sackton: south, east. Drankor is not right. Drankor is basically South East Chartin
Mike Sackton: chart in
Mike Sackton: May turn.
Mike Sackton: Chartin may be under the influence of
Mike Sackton: various forces. The I mentioned before.
Mike Sackton: Grash's master Gosh was just a pawn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know of Grash's master
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a watch hotter mask there. But but again
Tim Sackton: the gods have.
Tim Sackton: There is something.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Things have been clearer lately, I know.
Tim Sackton: O Gosh's master
Tim Sackton: is still strong, has not been weakened by.
Tim Sackton: or has not been destroyed
Tim Sackton: by, his death by Gracia's death.
Tim Sackton: I know that Gosh's master would benefit from
Tim Sackton: Denmark. Weakness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good!
UU Church of Boulder: You.
you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim! As she says all this in regards to groch Polyon, etc. Ends up picking anything up. Is she like sincere about this? Or she, like, you know, is there any kind of you know, she hiding
Tim Sackton: where the advantage goes on? Site?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 26
Tim Sackton:  She's like super dispassionate like. She's not really showing much emotion, but she does. She's not
Tim Sackton: like she doesn't seem to be. you know.
Tim Sackton: nervous. There's no like sort of like is she? Is she upset at the idea of Denmark. Weakness is her like? Is that like, oh, like that would suck? Or is that like it's more that she's just like.
Tim Sackton: Denmari's strength is good denari. Weakness is bad. So like, obviously it's bad. It's not that she's like having this like she doesn't like feel this strong emotional reaction. It's just seems self evidently correct that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright good. But she's not like she's not like one of like a poly ons ponds or anything like that, like, okay, good. I mean, we gotta. We got a big list of things to us off. And that's that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Tim Sackton: I would like to convince Carnot that this cloak is not
Tim Sackton: what he thinks it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we would like and we help. Yeah, we would like to help you with that. Yeah, we could.
Tim Sackton: Did you say you could show it to him?
Mike Sackton: He would have to travel with us.
Mike Sackton: But yes, travel where
Mike Sackton: some ways to the east we would
Mike Sackton: magically we would magically
Mike Sackton: sent him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said to all of us. With them we would all travel together, teleportation to the realm where the cloak is currently being held.
Mike Sackton: What's the name of the 2 Orcs who are with us? I forget their names
Tim Sackton: newscar and eigle.
Tim Sackton: It seems like it might be difficult to convince him, too.
Tim Sackton: subject himself to magical teleportation, to a strange land, where I presume that he would not be able to bring his guards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You'd bring this card.
Mike Sackton: You would have room for one
Mike Sackton: one garden if we were taking her and Carnes.
Mike Sackton: We we could
Mike Sackton: take them on our chip, I guess.
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also, telepathically. We could also potentially bring the or King here. We could teleport him to the ship. I don't think the cloak will. I don't think he would bring the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's bad if it leads leaves the kingdom we need to go there. Why don't so maybe in advance of traveling there directly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we do have what's the orchest King's name?
Eric Rosenbaum: Goulash Lubash Goulash?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do have 2 of Lubash's people who are here traveling with us, and we'd be delighted to host Carnos and yourself with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them. You could all meet earlier first and try to learn a little bit more, and then we can facilitate a a journey to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to meet Lou Bosch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: either directly traveling by ship or through teleportation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever means are not. Does she know about our ship?
Kate Sackton: I mean description?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We took a huge ass fucking Rainmo Bridge from the ship here, right like.
Mike Sackton: but is the Rainbow Bridge an actual rainbow.
Mike Sackton: or is it invisible? So a rainbow? So I mean.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's not very subtle, right like, did everybody? I guess it looks like a rainbow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just looks like a rainbow
Mike Sackton: blue dive floating. Yeah, yeah, no, it's way. It's 30 miles away.
Mike Sackton: right? So. But it's probably pretty low to the ground. That's true. Yeah, yeah, you might not be able to see it. You probably can't see it from here.
Mike Sackton: I mean a rainbow on a clear blue day might be a little unusual. But that's okay. It's assigned from the gods.
Mike Sackton: She probably can't see our ship. We we do have a flying castle. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we can arrange transportation
Mike Sackton: one way or another. It would take some
Mike Sackton: bit of time.
Mike Sackton: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if it will help to build trust
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and to potentially end this conflict. Time worthwhile
to the
Mike Sackton: well
Mike Sackton: does take you to speak with him. Is there any magic he would trust?
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: not magic of the gods, perhaps
Mike Sackton: could show him the cloak
Mike Sackton: and vision.
Tim Sackton: How so
Mike Sackton: II take out, I guess. Take out my little scying bowl like
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't cast the sky spell. I don't know how you describe that in game in
Mike Sackton: I can other people see what you and then think other people could see what you see when I thought I thought scrying just appeared in the thing. Oh, maybe I'm wrong.
Tim Sackton: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Well, then, I take that back.
Mike Sackton: No, I guess you're right. You can't.
Mike Sackton: Never mind.
Mike Sackton: never mind, I can't. I've misled II can't do that. I would have not said that
Mike Sackton:  I'll say to her as an aside.
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of
Mike Sackton: finger the
Mike Sackton: one of the
Mike Sackton: like symbols of attache that that dealt with, whereas can you. Can you sense these gods that
Mike Sackton: are near me? They told me what was the Nyan's letter? What was the Nyan service?
Mike Sackton: Marathu? They told me Marathu never wrote a letter.
You
Tim Sackton: hmm!
Tim Sackton: I got confused answers when I prayed about that letter.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: what would you propose to be done about that? With that knowledge.
Mike Sackton: The Euanas will not trust the words of the gods.
Mike Sackton: Would he trust visions in a mirror?
Kate Sackton: Magic mirror?
Mike Sackton: We have a way of seeing the past of a thing
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: We could show it to him
Mike Sackton: if somebody else wrote it, it would appear in the vision.
Kate Sackton: Oh, Carnice gets to do with us for the big deal.
Kate Sackton: wrote the letter.
Mike Sackton: I mean, who knows? Maybe sir, did write the letter
Mike Sackton: strike, I mean, of course, we could probably infiltrate his camp and steal the letter. But, like let's not, that would probably cause more trouble than
Mike Sackton: we would like to show him.
Kate Sackton: We'd like to bring this to him
Mike Sackton: and discuss these facts with him.
Mike Sackton: and see if there is a way he would
Mike Sackton: be willing to see this cloak if it would help.
Tim Sackton: Come with me. I will bring you to his camp.
Kate Sackton: No time like the present. Thank you. Let's go.
Mike Sackton: Meeting's been a long time.
Tim Sackton: You walk couple of hours into the afternoon to this fortified inn that you've been at before. Actually.
Tim Sackton:  you.
Tim Sackton: you know, with with Ava leading the way, the the outriders and the guards just wave you past, and she says, I'm you know I'm taking them to see Sama Karnos.
Tim Sackton: You can see that the that the like main hall of of the in the sort of common room has been turned into a audience chamber thrown room that troops don't seem I mean
Tim Sackton: Sura's camp very much. Had this feel of like, you know, everybody in Sera's camp is like.
Tim Sackton: you know, they are dedicated to Sarah right like she is a, you know. for whatever her faults might be. She is a charismatic leader of a army. Karnos is very much not like the army itself isn't sort of
Tim Sackton: like. It's not sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, down with, has been a quartermaster in an army, and this is not a well tended camp, right like the lines are in disarray. The like, you know.
Mike Sackton: the prices are well taken care of, but, like, you know.
Kate Sackton: weapons or not, but we can bribe with food.
Tim Sackton: No, they've got enough to eat. They're just like not, you know. People are like hanging out playing cards right? Like people are. There's not a feeling of like this is
Tim Sackton: this is an army camp right? There's a very much a feeling of like people are sort of
Tim Sackton: hang out and chatting and like drinking. And you know, sitting by the fire and telling stories, and like just not really paying attention. They're not like, doesn't have that feeling.
Tim Sackton: She leads you into this inn.
Tim Sackton: And as as you approach it says
Tim Sackton: like. ease them into it.
Tim Sackton: and she steps forward, and she she vows, and she says.
Tim Sackton: Samrod.
Tim Sackton: I have brought travelers with news
Tim Sackton: who would speak to you of events happening in the East
Tim Sackton: that may impinge upon questions we have debated.
Tim Sackton: I introduce Kenzel. Well, be the wanderer.
Tim Sackton: Thou art the Alf
Tim Sackton: Riswin. And when, says Riswin, he kind of looks up and
Tim Sackton: looks over risen
Tim Sackton: kind of gives you a glance. Clearly he's heard that name
Tim Sackton: seeker of high keep.
Tim Sackton: and Carlos like stands up. He's he's like a good he probably would have been like 4 years older than Sarah, but now, of course, looks
Tim Sackton: closer to 15 years older than Sarah.
Tim Sackton: right? So, despite being in her late 20 s. Looks, I mean, she's like 21. Basically she missed 8 years of her life.
Tim Sackton:  and he is, you know, Karnos is is
Tim Sackton: substantially older, like in his. He's like 34 ish now, right?
Tim Sackton: So he's like almost 15 years old. Which, by the way, we don't have a good way to account for in obsidian like
Tim Sackton: skipped years. Yeah. Skipped years.
Tim Sackton: and he's sitting. He's made a makeshift throne, and you can see that there's like there's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: it's not quite, you know, like the sort of you know. Letters on the wall, with string between them and stuff scribbled, but there's like clearly like
Tim Sackton: papers and things piled has been sorted into different piles, and there's a few scribes that are copying things over. You sort of dismisses them as you approach.
Tim Sackton: and he stands. He's wearing a sword poorly. He also has a big, heavy, holy symbol of Sankar. He's wearing a a rich cloak.
Tim Sackton: You can see the family resemblance to Sarah. He's he's got the same sort of facial structure and and sort of black
Tim Sackton: black hair, sort of tan skin.
Tim Sackton: and he looks up at you, and he says.
Tim Sackton: Welcome, travelers to my the Samrok Court.
Tim Sackton: Robert. You say they bring news of the East.
Tim Sackton: Tell me the news of the East
Mike Sackton: we come.
Mike Sackton: I'll start with. We come from a battlefield
Mike Sackton: where grosch? They'll pause, you know. Grosch.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Has been defeated
UU Church of Boulder: at our hands.
Mike Sackton: We at Della will tell the story a little bit, and working in suddenly, that we were helping out there a kingdom of people who
Mike Sackton: keep their god at bay with a with a cloak.
Mike Sackton: but I mean not dropping it right away, just like as part of the story
UU Church of Boulder: make persuasion, check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration.
Mike Sackton: What would you get? 13
Mike Sackton: 19. With inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can roll twice and take the higher number
Eric Rosenbaum: I like how we're just having conversation. There's like glowing rooms flying around like, don't they can be fairly subtle.
Tim Sackton:  he looks, and he says he listens to the story like calmly and and peacefully, and
Tim Sackton: people who hide from their gods.
Tim Sackton: It seems
Tim Sackton: ill advised.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, Tim, I still, said Tim. I'm so citing the fuck out of him like, what's what's I'm spending all my key like what? What? The fuck like all the like. What's going on with this guy, I mean.
Tim Sackton: He's he's not on the influence of any spells or magic that you can detect.
Tim Sackton: He's
Tim Sackton: you know. His. His mood is somewhat curious.
Tim Sackton: You know, he doesn't have any class levels or anything. He's like, you know, common or basically.
Mike Sackton: No, he's not touched by Songkar or anything like that. No, no magic to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any divine connections, nothing divine interesting.
Kate Sackton: They do not resent gods in general, they were grateful for my connection to the dwarven gods
Kate Sackton: in aiding them. There is one specific God who is not these people that you speak of.
Tim Sackton: not heard of a kingdom to the East that would be on our borders, would it not?
Mike Sackton: Somewhat east of your borders?
Kate Sackton: Their safety depended on
Mike Sackton: close anonymity. So
Mike Sackton: close. Yeah, close to the
Mike Sackton: coast. What's the name of that? To the ma.
Mike Sackton: the Mara Mara?
Mike Sackton: That is quite some distance
Mike Sackton: the people of the Rain, the people of the Rainbow, they call themselves. They're
Mike Sackton: God
Mike Sackton: enslaves them. they have broken free.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Hence their great desire
Mike Sackton: to the cloak of rainbows.
Mike Sackton: We aided them. Grosch appeared on their doorstep.
Mike Sackton: and with their aid we defeated him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rosh wanted the quote cloak for himself and for his master.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: but that goal being thwarted, it has stayed where it has been for hundreds of years.
Tim Sackton: Well, I thank you for your
Tim Sackton: aid. Your heroism
Tim Sackton: in dealing with this enemy. That, indeed, is a
Tim Sackton: a boon to Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: and yet the people of the Rainbow.
Tim Sackton: How do you know that Agata had no sway here
Tim Sackton: have allied with these creatures that you speak of these people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She was allied with groch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you know such things
Mike Sackton: shoot? No, not really. Are you aware that we are the ones who.
Mike Sackton: Kildagata?
Tim Sackton: So you say
Tim Sackton: I have heard that Fay cannot be killed
Tim Sackton: not here anyway.
Mike Sackton: In truth. she has been imprisoned
Mike Sackton: by her people in the Fay wild for her crimes.
Tim Sackton: And yet a moment ago you said you killed her. How do I know you are not working for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: parnas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's one thing over this past many months of our adventuring that I can say with you with the greatest confidence and clarity is that we fucking hate a gata. and we're very, very, very happy that she is currently where she is now, which is imprisoned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the best of our abilities, which is quite a lot of ability, and that we've also again not only had to defeat her once, but twice under extreme duress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
Tim Sackton: we did kill her, make it, make it persuasion, chuck
Kate Sackton: you just then had to imprison her. Afterward she
Mike Sackton: she slipped into a
Mike Sackton: place of safety at her death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I get it? Do I get advantage
Tim Sackton: now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspiration. get inspiration. Teddy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: I have to keep track now that's 3. I think this session, so I better tick him off? Wow, 2. One was one was last 2. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Wendy, you will for inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Roll a d. 2.
Tim Sackton: What do I roller? Does, Erica? Yeah, you are. Anybody can roll to twod 10. Take the highest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Hmm!
Tim Sackton: You do sound genuinely angry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had to fight her twice at great cost to our lives and our comrades and our own sanity. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are you happy now, you understand? Have you had to face her in combat? I hope never to.
Tim Sackton: I must defeat her servant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we've had to fix my sister from me. which is not seen.
Mike Sackton: Seen what
Tim Sackton: he points at the like pile of papers.
Tim Sackton: There are letters. documents.
Tim Sackton: evidence I have painstakingly searched in our archives for that. Show
Tim Sackton: exactly how she corrupted Nayan Marathu
Tim Sackton: and trapped him into selling Sarah to him as her apprentice. and then twisted Seara's mind against.
Mike Sackton: Would you mind if we looked at this evidence?
Tim Sackton: For what purpose?
Mike Sackton: We have
Mike Sackton: some experience with Agatsa's tricks.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we see something you don't.
Mike Sackton: Some additional path that she might be using
Mike Sackton: can't hurt to show more people
Tim Sackton: make a precision check.
Tim Sackton: Come. what would you like to see
Mike Sackton: the letter from
Mike Sackton: Diane? Marath Marathu? Do you have it?
Tim Sackton: He goes through, and he sort of
Tim Sackton: roots through some papers, and he brings out, there's like this skull, this old  yeah, like
Tim Sackton: scroll that's been that's sealed. And then the seal is broken.
Tim Sackton: And he unrolls it, and it's like laid out next to. There's like
Tim Sackton: a hundred different documents.
Tim Sackton: And he puts it down. He says
Tim Sackton: I am 100% sure that this letter was written by Nayan Marathi's hand.
Mike Sackton: How do you know? Like genuinely curious? Not like questioning
to
Tim Sackton: the gods, cannot be trusted?
Tim Sackton:  They are the best way to ask these sorts of questions, but they are not the only way.
Tim Sackton: There is a wizard
Tim Sackton: cost a great deal. I brought him from Chardon.
Tim Sackton: and he asked
Tim Sackton: some creature of the outer plains, some great dragon, or something like that. Was this letter letter written by Nayan Marathi's hands?
Tim Sackton: And the answer was. Yes, and this creature never lies.
Mike Sackton: What was his name?
Mike Sackton: The wizard's name? Yes.
Mike Sackton: he sprouts off some childrenian name, not not Fausto and you asked precisely that question
Mike Sackton: written by his hand.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps it was in his hand. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Would you like to see the should we offer to? We? We have
Mike Sackton: our own. drank ancient, drank Orian magic
Mike Sackton: that shows images of things
Mike Sackton: in their past.
Mike Sackton: It's a mirror created by a drankorian scholar
Mike Sackton: you domest, was his name. He was a a seeker of the history of things. When you show objects to it, it shows you what happened to those objects in the past.
Mike Sackton: how they were written, how they were found.
Mike Sackton: who touched them, who bought them? Who sold them?
You you
Mike Sackton: can't hurt to see, can it?
Tim Sackton: If it shows that this letter was indeed written by Nyamarafu.
Tim Sackton: Will you aid me against Sarah?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The hack
Mike Sackton: we come here seeking peace? Don't think we intend to aid anybody in battle. But if.
Tim Sackton: even if your magic confirms my knowledge, Harnas, she is the servant of a hag, you would do nothing, Harnas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just because if the if the letter is, if it is as do you say? And this letter is true, is written by his name. Again.
Mike Sackton: we're off to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We found Sura captive in the mirror. Why is the why is it trusted? What is a trick?
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: agata left her there for you to be? Find
Tim Sackton: easy?
UU Church of Boulder: What about the other people in the mirror
UU Church of Boulder: left for a cell set.
Tim Sackton: I am not aware of other people.
Mike Sackton: There are several the fact. The creator of the mirror is still in the mirror.
Kate Sackton: We shouldn't let her out, though. Who do we let out?
Mike Sackton: We do like Dunmari. We went out some dunari. We went out some more.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, the nice work. Well, we've somehow avoided mentioning the fact that these people are works this whole time to any of them.
Mike Sackton: We we have the mirror if you'd like to see it.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: but what will you do about it when it shows me that I am correct? If you will do nothing if you will just let Dunmar be conquered by Hag.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what use are you? Well, again, just to take a little bit of offense here we have fought Agata twice in battle, invested her twice in battle. You will not fight her a third time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's imprisoned. We can take you to see her. We can take you to see her there, if you'd like. Let's look together
UU Church of Boulder: and we'll decide together. Of course, of course we would aid you
UU Church of Boulder: if a hag
UU Church of Boulder: is what's behind all of this seeking the throne. Of course we're here seeking peace. We're here trying to avoid bloodshed.
UU Church of Boulder: Let's watch and then chart that path together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does it work telepathically? I don't like this. II don't wanna do that.
Mike Sackton: That's not fine. There's there's
UU Church of Boulder: we're avoiding bloodshed. We didn't commit to any particular course. I mean it was written in his hand because he was dead, or something.
Mike Sackton: and I forgot, if if we knew beyond any doubt, that a gotcha truly was behind everything that's going on, I mean, of course, we would be out there trying to stop her also. The gods always said, probably not for Agata, still influencing things. Maybe he's right. We gotta weave that door open.
Mike Sackton: Wait a bit. We're not gonna go kill Sarah. No, we didn't commit to anything we didn't commit to killing anybody.
Tim Sackton: So how does it work
Mike Sackton: you show the thing that you wish to see the history of
Mike Sackton: To the mirror, and then you see the images, all of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Telepathically. So right now, right now. Carnot thinks that if it's true that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this letter was written by Agata, or written by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who does he think that's written by? Again he thinks it was written by Marath
Mike Sackton: the his.
Mike Sackton: The, The, the, the the sunrise before him.
Mike Sackton: He thinks it was written by this person because some Chartonian wizard
Mike Sackton: said it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why do you trust this Chardonnian wizard
Mike Sackton: dragon cause he had a we should ask the philosophers killed anyway. Separate, separate, separate, separate. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A fair price for his services.
You
Tim Sackton: a generous price, I might say.
Tim Sackton: and he was watched the whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you trust gold?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that the source of your trust? What incentive would he have to lie
Tim Sackton: when it would be known immediately to me that he spoke an untrue.
And
UU Church of Boulder: did you pose the question, or did the Wizard pose the question?
Tim Sackton: The Wizard posed the question.
UU Church of Boulder: he could have shaped the question to his own end. So, even though it answered true, it didn't tell the whole of the truth.
UU Church of Boulder: Perhaps we'll find that about? Well, let's see your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mirror trick, then. Well, again, just because he wrote, the letter doesn't mean that.
Tim Sackton: or what else could it mean?
Mike Sackton: Wow! Most
Mike Sackton: obviously
Mike Sackton: got to could have told him to lie in the letter. I don't have you.
Mike Sackton: How have you disproven that
Kate Sackton: letters? Could? How do you know the letter is not a subterr subterfuge that I got to required of him
Kate Sackton: at, you know.
Mike Sackton: kind of whatever seems kind of like. It's been
Mike Sackton: quite effective. If it was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quite effective at creating a struggle between a brother and sister that should be open. Wait, wait, wait!
Tim Sackton: The letter is not my only piece of evidence.
Tim Sackton: There is clear evidence
Tim Sackton: that Sarah left the camp
Tim Sackton: with somebody
Tim Sackton: just before it was attacked.
Tim Sackton: Why would she do that if she didn't know it was about to be attacked.
Tim Sackton: and who did she leave with
Tim Sackton: one of Agatha's servants? I presume
Tim Sackton: the letter was found
Tim Sackton: only a few years after Marathu's death, and his body was never recovered.
Tim Sackton: but when the latter was found
Tim Sackton: it was imprinted with the seal of his samov chip
Tim Sackton: that was magically blast
to.
Tim Sackton: and could not be faked.
You
Tim Sackton: does this paint a picture for you?
Mike Sackton: Not really. I would like to see a new picture, an old, very old picture in the past.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're reading. We're showing the letter to the mirror, but we can't. We can't for another 4 days. No, no, I miscalculated. It's today. It's today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. Why the fuck are we doing that? Let's do that. It's just gonna confirm his own bias because it is likely written by the dude like that's just gonna make him even more. No, we don't want to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am saying telepathically to everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think we're on a path now. And no, we're not. We're not dumb. Why would we do that? That's so dumb?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's talk about the cloak. Why why is he paranoid about the cloak? What did he want about the cloak?
Mike Sackton: He he doesn't trust the gods, cause he thinks the cloak is is.
Mike Sackton: He thinks the cloak is messing up the god's ability to be honest.
Mike Sackton: but he didn't seem to bite at that. He didn't ask any questions about the cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna ask him one more time. Do you want to see the cloak?
Tim Sackton: Do you have it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can bring you to it.
Tim Sackton: Bring it to me, perhaps cannot leave my camp.
Tim Sackton: Where is it, anyway? You said it was way to the East.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: that will not do.
Tim Sackton: Can't go on a journey of weeks.
Mike Sackton: while it could be a journey of moments if you would trust us.
Tim Sackton: What are you suggesting?
Mike Sackton: Teleporting?
And
Mike Sackton: with your trusted guards? Well, one trusted guard
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could be more. Not all of us have to go.
Mike Sackton: I tell. Shut up! That's a terrible idea. Lubash will not allow him to bring in his trusted guards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
Tim Sackton: this seems like a foolhardy thing to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frustration check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll let. The all do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I still haven't rolled above at 7 on my persuasions. 10.
Kate Sackton: I always thought it would be a hard sell to get him to go anywhere, cause he's like the king of the camp sort of thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I do not see why I would.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: No, I will not be teleported to some strange place by strangers.
Kate Sackton: and plus he doesn't have any God connection. He won't feel anything. Go away. Samantha.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting point.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't Wanna show him the letter, though. We we need to show him something that's gonna make him less paranoid, not more, not confirmed as paranoia. It's possible that we'll see something in the mirror that is irrefutable evidence that it was not written by the so yeah, but we just don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but also the like. Like. It's also very what I don't understand about this whole logic that I just I just genuinely. I just genuinely don't understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If the if it was written by the samrad that doesn't prove that Sora is, and it like he just yeah. We challenged him. With that. He just ignored it.
Eric Rosenbaum: popping up a level. This is a paranoid person. You don't necessarily persuade them with logic or evidence in general. How do you persuade that person?
Kate Sackton: Make them scarier, or something else? And especially we just kill him right now. Can we put him in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, we put him in the mirror and then we teleport away, and then, like he's got a bunch of fucking like bag tag soldiers that are just like hanging out and singing lullabies and shit, and then we let we let Sarah just fucking take over.
Mike Sackton: Come back, and you could, you could set him loose and spread rumors that he is actually the one. Obviously the reason he was so demand, so obviously
Mike Sackton: sort of arguing, that Sarah was on drag his styles because he was right. Everybody would believe that they all want the fall, sir. It would totally work. It's just kind of wrong, I mean, like we could just put him in Agatha's mirror. We could take out the wrong mirror and show it to him. I mean, he's about to look at a mirror, we could take up the other mirror. Just yeah. Just show the letter to this mirror, and we'll all be revealed. That's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean he gets a safe. He might make it safe.
Mike Sackton: The powerful cleric is gonna be pissed at us. She has like 6 level spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: You'll have to explain what happened to everybody, somehow. But
Kate Sackton: I think this is a bad idea, and we should just show him the letter. I think we should show him the letter. Not everyone wants to show the letter, but all all is, gonna do confirm the thing, and then he's just gonna make you more pissed off like it'll be worse than we had had than going to meet him. In the first place.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know but but Dave chaos is interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's not I. I'm not in favor of this move, hey, Kenzo? Kenzo is not in favor of this move. But whatever, if you guys all wanna do it on Google. I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: we just don't know what's gonna happen. It's not. Here's the thing. The gods literally told us that there was something sketchy with the letter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so we should. We want to know
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Maybe we don't have to show him. Yes, they did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay.
UU Church of Boulder: When? Oh, you were there, you. You stepped away when I asked her. In the worst case scenario, he wrote the letter under the compulsion of something else that's not visible at the time of him writing letter, so showing the letter only takes us back to the moment of writing, and not to the moment of
UU Church of Boulder: like being put under dominate person, or whatever it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's possible it'd be, it is possible.
Mike Sackton: But interestingly, I asked the tauntie
Mike Sackton: whether he really wrote the letter, and they said, what letter
Eric Rosenbaum: blip?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we just do this so that we really want to find out what the tan she meant? By what letter absolutely
Mike Sackton: cause. Also, also, also, if it was a terrible idea, I don't think Tim would have encouraged us quite so much. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: I feel like we're gonna show a thing with him there, and not knowing what the answer is, we should show him an object from Sura, from when she was in prison to show that he was, she was actually imprisoned, for, like, you know, however many years, you know, think that'd be a good thing to show
Mike Sackton: like something that we'd actually know. Okay, well, what are you doing? We're we're showing the one right? We're showing them.
Eric Rosenbaum: showing the weather.
Tim Sackton: No, no giving Pasta the scroll of
Tim Sackton: no, that was that was, that was one of the more wildcard that's gonna turn out to have been brilliant. Actually, it's some unexpected while it's what got us our flying Castle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indirectly. Yes, that's true.
Tim Sackton: no. But the whole time you were going up in his tower, Kong was saying, it's a trap. It's a trap. Yeah, really actually going into the dress. Are you sure we want to walk into? Thank you, Tim, fucking. Thank you. Thank you. And then and then I wasn't not Mike, who was just like, no, we should go do this thing anyway. But the eyes were at the top. We had to.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we have to ask a question. Right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: A lab who wrote you?
Eric Rosenbaum: We wanna see the history of it's creation.
Mike Sackton: everything involved in its creation and the motives around its creation, and why was it created? And whether or not the person who created it was under a spell, please show the magic specifically, the highlighted colors so make a make it with them. Jack.
Mike Sackton: This one, I think you're a wisdom checker.
Kate Sackton: It's not a saving throw, though.
Tim Sackton: Just click on wisdom.
Mike Sackton: If you click on the little plus 5 on your wisdom should roll for you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that one! Yeah, the plus wait. The word wisdom is several places, so
Kate Sackton: only 16.
UU Church of Boulder: Inspiration. Oh, that's fine!
Tim Sackton: So the mirror goes blank. and then you see
Tim Sackton: the image looking up
Tim Sackton: in a Gotas hot piece of paper is rolled out on a desk.
Tim Sackton: There is, and you see Agatha standing there.
Mike Sackton: and she goes into her pouch and she takes out a hand the
Tim Sackton: foured hand. It's wearing a ring.
Tim Sackton: and she takes out some wood, and she begins to shape slowly, like a bit of an arm. and then she muttered some words, and the hand begins to crawl towards the paper, and it picks up a pen, and as she speaks it starts writing.
Tim Sackton: and the words that she is speaking, which
Tim Sackton: wellbe can lip read. She's speaking in Dunmari, and the words are exactly the words
Tim Sackton: of the letter. While she speaks them
Tim Sackton: handwrites. The hand picks up and begins to roll
Tim Sackton: the scroll up, and it takes its ring, and it presses it against the scroll to make a seal.
Tim Sackton: and then she picks up. I got to picks up the would in peace tosses that.
Tim Sackton: And you can see
Tim Sackton: Carnot's watching this
Tim Sackton: like this goes on for like 5 min, roughly, as the hand, is writing out this letter that I got who is speaking.
Tim Sackton: Cardos is watching it.
Tim Sackton: When he first sees Agata in the hut he draws his sword.
Tim Sackton: and that is, it begins to write. He takes his sword, and he like.
Mike Sackton: I will not let him.
Mike Sackton: though I'll like, get in the way. I'll knock it down whatever.
Tim Sackton: We're all like fucking fifteenth level like I'm gonna make sure he doesn't like hit the mirror with his sword. Oh, no, Kenzo Kenzo can. As long as he doesn't do more than 18 damage, Kenza can deflect it automatically. Nice.
Tim Sackton: which is impossible because the maximum you can roll with 0 plus is an 8. So, Kenzo, that's the sort out of the way as the image finishes
Tim Sackton: and he turns and he looks at. He looks at everybody, and he's just like
Tim Sackton: you've never like, because
Tim Sackton: just rage is just like filling himself. And he just yells at you all, get out!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we can. We can come back.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: as yowls  bye, bye, though
Tim Sackton: the mist die kind of and she was. She was watching, too, right. She saw everything she was watching, too. She motions, and she like walks towards him. And you hear saying.
Tim Sackton: Samrah. as listen as you like. Run out the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude we I don't. I don't run. But II walk away. Yeah, yeah, we're not. We're not. We're not like subjecting ourselves to the moods of a petulant like, man, child King.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're surrounded by army. But yeah, but his fucking hard playing like Rudy to the army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also we were surrounded by Grash's army, and we came out, okay, I'm not worried about this army.
Tim Sackton: So what do you do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just hang out for a few minutes. Yeah. Just hang out outside the tent. Wait for Aba to come out, because, Abba, now clearly, I think, on our side of this whole situation, which is great.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably too suspicious. Describe what's going on. Right. Let's not do that. Well, we just don't know if what kind of magical perimeter they have, if any. Well, let's let's not. Let's just let's just chill. That would be very risky. After about
Tim Sackton: 45 min.
Kate Sackton:  we play some cards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: ava ava comes out. shh! And she says
Tim Sackton: that was a more effective demonstration than I could have hoped for.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure he will speak with you. but perhaps this is the opening
you
Tim Sackton: to begin to break the whole of this
Tim Sackton: illusion trap.
Tim Sackton: But I now see. Wonder how much of it is. Faults.
Tim Sackton: Don't think all of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
you!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this creature really was meddling for many years. Oh, she was! I thought that there was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have very direct experience. She's cunning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mischievous.
Kate Sackton: Hmm! Let me be a little bit.
Tim Sackton: I can see that.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's what's this person's name on? Aba Abba Abba?
Mike Sackton: Have you spoken with Sarah?
Tim Sackton: I have not.
Mike Sackton: You should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aba. We've spent great time with Sarah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also. Now, having seen Karnas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's in none of our interests, for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are for there to be any animosity between a pair of siblings that should be allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is a path to peace. There is the path, there is a path to a unified Denmark. and that unify Denmark is essential for the wars to come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think what we've seen now is that even from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: her imprisonment, a Gotas able to from Moshe, from from things set in motion years decades ago, even.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are still having an influence now. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are able to now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: change those factors in our favor. So if you can help us with Carnas. Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's ready for war, but it needs to be directed to the appropriate enemies that are mustering in the north and the southeast
you're
Mike Sackton: ultimately is not our place to decide who rivals done, Mari.
Mike Sackton: It's your place. All of yours just need to start you on the path. Start the process.
Mike Sackton: Talk to Sarah. We can take you there
Mike Sackton: way the first brick in the bridge.
Tim Sackton: I will speak with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good
a.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure
Tim Sackton: the gods agree.
Tim Sackton: agree with each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That feels clear as well.
Tim Sackton: But, as you say. that is our problem, not yours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can host the meeting on our ship or at a location of your preference.
Tim Sackton: Could you take a letter to sort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of course.
Tim Sackton: think I should speak with her
Tim Sackton: at a place where she feels comfortable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Kenzo Kenza, like, gives, like Baba, like a real, genuine, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling of like gratitude and respect, that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she has gone through this process with us and is like. and she seems genuine in all this with us. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, she's like.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I mean song cars. You know, you definitely get the sense that
Tim Sackton: I love it. Eric, the paranoid
Eric Rosenbaum: paranoid king that's perfect.
Tim Sackton: You definitely get like, you haven't interacted much with with Songcar. There's definitely so. Something sort of
Tim Sackton:  you know. Not like, you know, the vibe is a little bit, not Kenzo's vibe, right? She's very, very much just kind of.
Tim Sackton: They have facts, but
Tim Sackton: you know totally. You get that like connection to to the gods. Right? And
Tim Sackton: how are people feeling about time? By the way in. In my ideal world you would actually get to Tokra, which means probably going to like 1230
Tim Sackton: to wrap this up. Is that okay with folks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Friday night, baby?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Friday night. Okay.
Tim Sackton:  So in the interest of time, just to like move things along all right, like she sends a letter.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you definitely get the vibe that you know she is.
Tim Sackton: The the thing she could never do was find some way to break through to Carlos to.
Tim Sackton: if not, get him to
Tim Sackton: totally.
Tim Sackton: you know, change his mind, at least get him in this uncertain state, where he's not just convinced that Sarah is a hag right now that he's now that he's sort of
Tim Sackton: the the first crack is enough for her. But she had no way to make that first crack without.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I was gonna suggest we just leave them to it and get on our way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm wrapping up towards. But I'm gonna give you an opportunity to jump in with anything else you wanna do before you
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: it it isn't clear exactly like this is not gonna be an immediate resolution. Right? There's gonna have to be a bunch of conclusions of temple heads and
Tim Sackton: some clarity as to what the gods are trying to say.
Tim Sackton: You also get the sense that the uncertainty of.
Tim Sackton: So you recall that
Tim Sackton: Arreste, the Elf.
Tim Sackton: told you that
Tim Sackton: America, the wild star, the god of the one of the 2 Alvin gods who normally is the is the one who foresees danger.
Tim Sackton: could not tell that her forest was about to be overrun because
Tim Sackton: the person who overran it was a Polyon wearing a cloak. and you get the sense that for a long time there's been a lot of uns. The gods have been struggling, because if Gosh had gotten the cloak
Mike Sackton: they couldn't see what was going to happen right.
Tim Sackton: But things are more
Tim Sackton: settled now. So as you take the letter to Sarah and tell her about what happened, and spend some more time
Tim Sackton: meditating like this is this is a
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is a relationship that's gonna be slow to heal, sir, was clearly
Mike Sackton: seriously wounded by Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo also is gonna carve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, you know, the little figurines that he carves for the people that yeah, he's gonna carve a set like a unified brother and sister set
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and give them to both
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to Aba to give to Carnas, and then also set to give to to Sara, which he delivers by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to remind them.
Tim Sackton:  So you you lay the groundwork over.
Tim Sackton: you know, over the rest of that afternoon, after returning to the ship with Ava's letter. and
Tim Sackton: Sara agrees to meet with her.
Tim Sackton:  Sir Sarah Sarah now also, I mean Sarah spent some time at the lock and monastery when she was young. She's been a couple of years there before
Tim Sackton: Kenza showed up, and she knows several of the monks there.
Tim Sackton:  You get the feeling that there's there's a bit of a thought in the sense that
Tim Sackton: you know a bunch of the head, the missed I need to get together now, and that's sort of the next step, and not something that's really your
right
Tim Sackton: role to to facilitate. I mean, they have.
Tim Sackton: Baba can teleport back to her temple. She has word of recall, right? So they're not without magical resources.
Tim Sackton:  and you stay another day to sort of get things.
Tim Sackton: get things settled.
Tim Sackton: you know. Say goodbye to Sarah.
Tim Sackton:  and you leave not with Denmark
Tim Sackton: settled. There's a lot of negotiations still to happen.
Tim Sackton: messages are going out, but with a clear sense that
Tim Sackton: whatever the outcome, they aren't going to be fighting each other.
Tim Sackton: and it's not even clear if if you know, this will end up as one country or 2 countries. But if it does end up as 2 countries. You feel it is. It's.
Tim Sackton: you know, an amicable split. It's the natural evolution of the sort of cultural divergence of the
Tim Sackton: 2 halves of these of these people, and Sarah clearly is ready to
Tim Sackton: fight somebody else, although it's gonna take some time to
Tim Sackton: gather an army. But you know, in 2 months. If you need an army to ride against Chardin or Apollyon. Sheldon, readily
Mike Sackton: perfect.
Mike Sackton: Can't wait to defend Chardon from
Mike Sackton: itself. It's just the it's just the defense. You know we have to strike it only defensive, only defensive movers. It's a defensive. It's a defensive first strike.
Tim Sackton: So February fourth. Leave for Tokra via Armas
Tim Sackton: add.
Tim Sackton: sorry Toll. Nva. Aren't lost.
Tim Sackton:  it is from where you are.
Tim Sackton: How long does that take? So
Tim Sackton: why does this cool or not work? Okay  school.
Tim Sackton: So it's what like 13 ish, I gotta zoom out 1,400 miles to Oran moss
Tim Sackton: where you pick up. I'm gonna
Tim Sackton:  It's 1,400 miles to Oran loss. I'm not. Gonna I'm gonna come back to the introducing the Alf. Gardner at a later date. We'll do that in a flashback at the beginning of some other session.
Tim Sackton: and then from there it's 600 miles to Toland. So 14.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: so that's 2,000 miles that you cover in the
Tim Sackton: grand total of 8 and a half days.
Mike Sackton: It's pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: you really go check out that acidic use no kidding
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's on, is is it? On our list? We should make sure we've got to make sure it's on our our side quest list.
Mike Sackton: That's not coaching at the sidaku's.
Tim Sackton: So around February fourteenth, giving a day and a half an hour, Moss, you arrive in Toland.
Tim Sackton: where you've planned
Tim Sackton: a here, let me
Tim Sackton: change this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. I added it to the list
Tim Sackton: back to Toline. I think it was. I thought it was already on the list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't see how many.
Tim Sackton: There's a rumor that one of the high-level monsters that only twentieth level characters can beat in the new edition of D, and D is a city is an ooze the size of a city.
Tim Sackton: just, you know. throwing that out there.
Tim Sackton:  So you arrive back in to where
Tim Sackton: you have. I don't know. 3, 4 weeks of
Tim Sackton: repairs
Mike Sackton: right getting
Tim Sackton: that was shield fixed up.
Tim Sackton: getting
Mike Sackton:  I don't know. What else are you getting done in Tollen, probably just building all building out our chip. The big renovation of the ship.
Tim Sackton: Tolen welcomes you. I mean you. You've well risen, hasn't been here before, but
Tim Sackton: And again we can. You'll pick up a few more hirelings, but we'll do flashbacks to introduce those as well.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Philosopher's Guild again.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Mike Sackton: do we have anything to? I mean, we've got piles and piles of magic items. Question, what's valuable enough? And what we want to ask about?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, seemed to know everything, so
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if I come up with any good questions tonight.
Tim Sackton: Good idea! The pollen scene. the important tolling scene is the meaning the Kanku scout and getting the map.
Tim Sackton: But I've been waiting to show you for like a long time, because
Eric Rosenbaum: you didn't get to toll in last session.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: well.
Tim Sackton: We'll do. We'll do. I'll I'll do the flash various flashbacks to introduce
Tim Sackton: hireings during the next few sessions, and then we can also do whatever you've got, like 4 weeks of Downside mentions. So
Tim Sackton: like, whatever you want to do, we can.
Tim Sackton: We can come up with that
Tim Sackton: like you don't have. We don't. I don't wanna roll. I wanna do the downtime. Now it's like we don't need to we don't need a role play. What I wanna do is
Tim Sackton: is that. thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton:  So this is, this is probably about
Tim Sackton: a week before you're ready.
Tim Sackton: You been in tolling for for
Tim Sackton: 3 weeks now. The ship, the repairs on the ship are like 3 quarters done.
Tim Sackton: You know. You've gotten your your
Tim Sackton: stuff from league kenzos reconnected with Iscra. You've like
Tim Sackton: you could have done some philosophers killed stuff. You could have done other sorts of toll and downtown stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I really think seeker should join the Philosopher's guild.
Tim Sackton: It's a 5 year initiation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why not start the process now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remote option? It's not a hybrid workplace. Why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't know. They won't tell you right.
Tim Sackton: but secret totally. Can't, I mean not now, obviously, but at some point we could do a 5 year timescap before you go fight the use? So about a week before you're ready to leave. So
Tim Sackton: let's say like early March, like March March 8. Something like that
all
Tim Sackton: assuming you arrive in Poland around February fourteenth, and then, you know, there's a lot of bustle and repair on the ship is, you know, all this stuff starts getting constructed.
Tim Sackton: your various hirelings, except the 2 Orcs are basically just hiding out in the chair.
Mike Sackton:  did they ever find anything? By the way from, didn't we give them a pile of
Tim Sackton: yeah, that that's that'll be finished during the toll and downtime that'll be one of the toll and downtime thing
Tim Sackton: the one afternoon.
Tim Sackton: March eighth late afternoon, after the workmen have left for the day, like the the ship, is sort of relatively clear and calm.
Tim Sackton:  you see flying in the sky approaching you
Tim Sackton: this like
Tim Sackton: almost like us, like a like white-winged cancu, with like like feathers like us, like a snowy owl
Tim Sackton: flying just kind of silently
Tim Sackton: in your direction. And they.
Tim Sackton: Kishi, you're not sure
Tim Sackton: impossible to tell their age or their gender as they circle over the ship.
Tim Sackton: And there's I mean, Cancu, are still a fairly rare site in even in total. And there's, you know, people looking. Fadrick looks up, you know, from his.
Tim Sackton: He's taken on the role of basically directing everybody.
Tim Sackton: The stone bird flies off his shoulder and begins to like fly around. As this cancu is approaching.
Tim Sackton: fire is still very unimpressive, and it belches  Also, almost like everything.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Everything is this like wild new experience for him. He's never met a cancue before. He never met, you know anybody before, so he's just like standing there sort of docking, leaning against the side.
Tim Sackton: and this Kanku lands
Tim Sackton: and looks around at you.
Tim Sackton: Heard you needed a scout to go East. Is this still true?
Tim Sackton: When do you plan to leave
Mike Sackton: soon as we find a scout
Kate Sackton: about a week.
Tim Sackton: He then like hops down onto the deck of the ship, and like looks up at the courtyard and the buildings that are like nearly finished being constructed.
Tim Sackton: Do you know what you'll face?
Tim Sackton: He looks over at? Well, me.
Tim Sackton: Have you been
Tim Sackton: to the north of the green sea.
UU Church of Boulder: No, I mean, I've heard stories. But
UU Church of Boulder: my people. Don't trade there, not past the city
Tim Sackton:  and you want to go to the north
Tim Sackton: across the mountains.
Tim Sackton: Now you have to go into Role 20.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I see you've revealed a new map. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa, this. This is much larger.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's so cool.
Tim Sackton: So he starts describing.
Tim Sackton: Crossing the mountains is not a problem.
Tim Sackton: I assume the ship can go high.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, again.
Tim Sackton: you, the pilot. dwarf
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo here, and I share that duty.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: So fly over the mountains. Not a problem. Then we come to the vast forests
Tim Sackton: before we do
Tim Sackton: must avoid the giants.
Tim Sackton: Frost giants live there. many of them.
Tim Sackton: This ship will attract their attention.
Tim Sackton: I believe this is
Tim Sackton: giant craft.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is
Tim Sackton: I mean, ever stop with that.
Tim Sackton: Rumors are not kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Points
Tim Sackton: they live here.
Tim Sackton: To get to Ersk is where you wish to go. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: don't know why one would wish that.
Tim Sackton: But a polite guide does not ask for what crazy reason it's customers wish to be guided into deadly lands.
Tim Sackton: not to cross these vast forests
Tim Sackton: do not stray too far north
Tim Sackton: here. these mountains. the home of dragons.
Tim Sackton: Yes, I said, dragons.
Eric Rosenbaum: there are many more than one there
Tim Sackton: yet it is said that this past year
Tim Sackton: was a particularly deadly year.
Tim Sackton: and a great.
Tim Sackton: strong, ancient dragon flew south and attacked Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Happened, I know not.
Tim Sackton: so don't stray too far north.
Tim Sackton: Don't stray too far south, either.
Tim Sackton: for in this land, on the eastern border of Ersk
Tim Sackton: there is a dark presence.
Tim Sackton: rumors, say, kingdom of a vampire.
Tim Sackton: Not sure. I believe those rumors. You know, that no sailors that land seeking shelter on these cliffs from the winter storm ever return.
Tim Sackton: so as you stick to the forest.
Tim Sackton: the safety of this middle passage.
Tim Sackton: we'll need to avoid or fight. The ice warms
Tim Sackton: that tear through the forest.
Tim Sackton: creating long lines of destroyed trees that they eat.
Tim Sackton: and the changelings who turn into bears.
Tim Sackton: whether to avoid them or speak with them. I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: have much knowledge the land, and often have given aid to my client.
Tim Sackton: They're not easy to find.
Tim Sackton: and if you navigate
Tim Sackton: the giants, the vampire, the dragons, and the ice worms.
Tim Sackton: You'll find yourself at the northern border of earth.
Tim Sackton: and then you will have to face the wizards if you wish to enter.
I'm
Tim Sackton: it was a land of strong magic.
Tim Sackton: It's still a journey you wish to take
Eric Rosenbaum: seems to be our
UU Church of Boulder: yeah. Oh, yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: that sounds wonderful. So great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ice worms.
UU Church of Boulder: changelings.
UU Church of Boulder: dark presence.
UU Church of Boulder: Exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly our kind of quest.
UU Church of Boulder: Best case scenario. We make it to a nation of wizards who want to kill us
Eric Rosenbaum: wizards. We might need to worry about, but we'll have time to worry about.
Tim Sackton: Hmm. wow!
Tim Sackton: In that case
Tim Sackton: I'd be honored to be your guide.
Tim Sackton: Forests. indeed, are
Tim Sackton: really beautiful
Tim Sackton: worth the hazard.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: all I ask
you're
Tim Sackton: some appropriate token.
Tim Sackton: my worth.
Tim Sackton: We'll let you decide
Tim Sackton: the end of the journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you done this?
Eric Rosenbaum: A work of guiding before.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: but I have flown frequently over the mountains, and few of my kind do.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is
Tim Sackton: little reason to leave our home on the planes, and
you.
Tim Sackton: Those that do usually go south, not east.
Tim Sackton: east, is
Tim Sackton: dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a reason why Ersk is a nation of wizards.
Tim Sackton: No other nation would survive.
Mike Sackton: Wait where their homeland is, where? Up where it says the wild North. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the story of this wall? If that's what it is.
Tim Sackton: It's been there
Tim Sackton: since anyone can remember. Nobody knows who constructed it.
Mike Sackton: Hmm. wait.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should go there instead. That sounds so what's so interesting a wall, but nobody knows who built it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does strike my curiosity, I have to admit.
Tim Sackton: Are we trying to steal something from it to provoke it into attacking us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's naturally
Kate Sackton: dangerous. While we're intending to aggravate
Eric Rosenbaum: return journey, you might
Tim Sackton: come.
Tim Sackton: Is it the wall in my homeland?
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Yeah, what is on that far side of the wall on the map. Is it blank
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's so flat?
Tim Sackton: It is a
Tim Sackton: this parts of this
Tim Sackton: where the Kanku live? Now.
Tim Sackton: homeland we claim for ourselves when we freed ourselves from
Tim Sackton: Shamat's imprisonment and left Pandar.
Tim Sackton: It is beautiful in its own way.
Tim Sackton: Cold
Tim Sackton: pandar's like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: It's just north, where it says, forest of nightmares, the forest of nightmares. Oh, man, that place was fun!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's where that's where Dalith went for his solo adventure.
Kate Sackton: Where is that?
Okay?
Tim Sackton: Way? Far north.
Mike Sackton: Kind of to the east, to the west of the word, the wild north.
Kate Sackton: Oh, to the west. Okay. Sorry. I was too zoomed out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there's a lot to see now.
Kate Sackton: I remember the first night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right you are in that adventure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The jungle that Kenzo is in is still not on this map, right? That's so far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way? Way? Way on the bottom right corner, you just have to zoom way out. Oh, my gosh, that's crazy! That's so far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like we need like an another
Eric Rosenbaum: like something to show the Interplanar.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, totally, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or a globe. Do we establish a globe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: since globe?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then the other plains are like, are they like onions? Is it like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spiritual? Or is that like kind of like, you know? What's the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the other planes? I've always envisioned a lot, although I don't know I'm being the same wild.
Tim Sackton: you know the the sun doesn't move in the sky.
Tim Sackton: You just have to move along the faywheel to get to a different time.
Tim Sackton: So what is that? It's like no real shape.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: anything else you want to ask the scout, can you say, are they? He doesn't actually say wh what his gender is.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if he or she or they. I haven't decided yet.
Kate Sackton: has he? Or she said a name that I've already ran
Mike Sackton: ketcha ketchup
Mike Sackton: I will probably think of something to ask discount, but probably not at 1230 at night.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Ketchup is. Gonna stay for the week
Tim Sackton: while you get the ship ready to fly.
Tim Sackton: and as you all go to bed that night.
Tim Sackton: sleeping in your sleeping quarters on the
Tim Sackton: ship.
Tim Sackton: you are awakened by screams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we can still
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: the sound of
Tim Sackton:  like people on the water, people on at the dock shouting.
Tim Sackton: and several shadow hunters who've been waiting for you to be in one place for longer than like 3 days.
have finally tracked you down.
Tim Sackton: and we will start there next thing
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it makes a difference. But I was during our downtime going to be nightmare and screwing with Fausto potentially. You know that if he fails to save. He doesn't get spells back, though.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure it doesn't make a difference for a shadow. Hunter
Tim Sackton: might need to check something, though it might not work.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he might be immune in his little anti scry place.
Mike Sackton: But I
Mike Sackton: I was gonna go decide between now and next session whether I was actually gonna do it. Yeah, yeah, you don't have you can. It doesn't change as shadow hunters. They yeah, they're totally independent.
Tim Sackton: So we'll stop there finally, got to reveal my map.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's awesome. I love how we got like tiny little bits and pieces here and there. There's like some coastline
Eric Rosenbaum: with mountains like, what is that.